7y3sRwLe3Va Go around the right side of the center unit and stop by the right side doorway with the dining table and mirror in it. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go around the kitchen island and wait between the tall cabinet and wine fridge. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn to the right, go past the refrigerator.  Turn left and walk to the point where you're to the hallway by the entry and dining room area. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the bedroom and go around the bed. Go to the closet on the far wall on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk around the bed in the bedroom. Walk into the closet area on the other side of the bed that has empty shelves inside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go into the room, turn left at the foot of the bed, and left again at the far side of the bed. Go to the doorway to the closet on the right and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bedroom and turn right.Walk past the staircase and to the door on the right in front of an entryway. Go through the door and you'll be in an office area. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go through the doorway to the hall.  Go down the hall past teh landing.  Take the first door on the right and stop in the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Move forward and exit the room. Upon exiting, turn to your right and move down the hallway, past the stairs on the right side. Enter the next doorway to your right and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA With the sink on your left go around the counter and into the main room taking a left in the hallway and walking down the hall going right and stopping at the top of the stairs in the hallway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bar area. Turn left and walk down the hall, then turn right. Walk slightly to the left, toward the stairs. Wait by the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walkdown the hallway to the right of the billiards table.  Stop at the top of the staircase. 
cV4RVeZvu5T TURN AROUND AND GO DOWN THE STAIRS. TURN LEFT AT THE BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around, down stairs, turn left, stop in kitchen, turn left into laundry room, stop at sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the room and go straight down the first flight of stairs. Turn left and go through the kitchen. Wait to the left in the laundry room. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and walk through the door to the porch, walk forward slightly and then turn right and walk out to deck and continue continue straight and walk up stairs.  Stop at top of starins with the rocking chairs in front of you. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go out the door onto the porch and turn right. Go straight up the set of stairs. Wait by the rocking chairs by the wall. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn 180 degrees. Go outside door. Take a right. Go forward towards stairs. Stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the massage room and take a right. Go into the first door on the right with a tanning bed. Stop and the foot of the tanning bed. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the beginning room and enter the open area.  Turn right and enter the farthest right room.  Stop right in front of the table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn to the left, walk between the massage tables.  Go out of the door, and straight just a little way and turn right.  You'll see a big bathtub-like thing.  You'll stop right there. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom, head straight, turn right at the wall, then turn right again and stop in the doorway by the table. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom.  Turn right and walk down the hall.  Enter the first room on the right and stand in the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE You will turn to the left and then quickly to the right.  You'll walk down a hallway.  Just before you come to the stairs, you will enter a room with a blue couch.  Wait right there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk to the staircase, go down the staircase and stop in the middle of the staircase. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and go to the staircase.  Go down the staircase.  Go about half way down and then stop.  Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk down the hallway to the overlook, go down the stairs to the right, wait halfway down the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Go to the stairs
Go to the glass doors
Go to the light switch
Go to the settee. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and walk down the hall to the left of the stairs. Make your first left and go into the first bedroom straight ahead. Stand in front of the second set of closet doors on your left located just before you get to the bed. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and go down the hall way.  Turn left at the doorway and you'll see a setting room.  Go to the left side of the chair, near the window and stand there.  Wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go into the kitchen and through the doorway on the left. Wait inside the dining room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Enter the kitchen, then follow the left wall until you find a door. Go through the door, and stop when you reach the dining room entrance. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around so you are facing the kitchen. Move forward towards the kitchen island. Move through the kitchen, staying to the left of the kitchen island so that the island is on your right and the counters are on your left. When you get close to the large sink (not the one in the island) there will be an arched passageway to the left. Go through this passageway and towards the dining room. Stop in the second arched doorway leading to the dining room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 on the balcony, turn right and go into the bedroom, walking between the bed and couch.  Turn to the right and walk into the bathroom.  Go to the toilet room and stand there and wait. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk into the bedroom from the balcony.  Walk across the bedroom.  Enter the bathroom by the first door on your right.  There are two doorways close to one another.  The doorway for the bathroom is in the darker painted wall.  Inside the bathroom, make a left and stop in front of the toilet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go check on the bathroom that is in the bedroom as soon as you walk through the door off the porch. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom. Walk into the hallway, then turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway. Walk up the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the bathroom go through the bedroom door turn right and stand on the second step. 
82sE5b5pLXE Move out of the bathroom through the wooden doorway. Make a sharp right towards the stairs. Go up the stairs two steps and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and walk into the hallway.  Turn left again and go down the hallway, into the kitchen and out the back door.  Stop on the rug just outside the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the laundry room through the doorway. Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Walk past the kitchen and dining area to the door that leads outside.  Step onto the door mat and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the laundry room and take a left walk between the kitchen and dining table. Go through the doorway that leads outside.  Stand on the rug outside of the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and head towards the hall way. Continue , until you see the square windows and make a right. Continue through the glass doors and make your first left into the shop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the hallway passed the wall with candles. Walk into the next room along the wall with square glass panes. Walk through the open glass double doors. Walk passed the large empty planters and through the glass doors into the room with paintings and a vending machine. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go down the hallway to the room at the end. Turn right and walk past the desk and through the door. Go through the door on the left and wait in the shop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out bedroom door. Walk past portraits on wall. Turn right into bedroom. Walk into bathroom. Wait at window. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left and go to the doorway.  Then turn right and head out the door.  Turn right and go into the bedroom.  When you get to the bathroom door, go through that doorway. You'll go into the bathroom and stop by the sink, there will be a step stool and you should wait right in front of it. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the open door near the guitar. Walk into the bedroom on the right at the end of the hall. Walk all the way through the bedroom and into the bathroom at the back and wait by the sink. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk passed the circular desk towards the decoration pots. Walk through the hallway with the pots and continue through the glass door. Walk Past the water cooler and through the open doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward with the glass door on your right. Take a right at the first door past the wood and rice paper partition and stop in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Move forward down the hall past the receptionist area with the water cooler. Stop in the first doorway to the right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the big double doors.  Turn to the right.  And go down the hall, past the zebra pictures.  You'll enter the room with big windows and then stop and wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the living room through the wood and glass doors and take a right in the hallway down the hallway on the right and go into the den through the open door and stop right past the light switches. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go through the two doors and move right down the hall. Go through the next two doors and stop just inside the room. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk across the kitchen and turn right past the refrigerator. Go forward, enter  the door on your right, and walk into the restroom. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk past the refrigerator and turn right.  Walk around the corner and turn right, facing the bathroom.  Walk to the entrance to the bathroom and stop. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk to the mirror on the side of the wall, near the door. Enter the bathroom. 
VLzqgDo317F turn left and walk towards opening on the right. Enter large hall. turn left towards short stairs. Go up short staircase and stop at the top between another set of stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the living room area passed the chairs. Walk through the open double doors and into the entry room with red carpet. Walk up to the stairwells. 
VLzqgDo317F Follow the couch round the table and out the door on the right side of the room. Walk up the stairs to the left and hold on the landing between the winding staircases. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go slightly left and then head up the staircase.  When you get to the top, stop.  That's where you will wait. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn around and go up the stairs. Stop at the top. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn left and walk to the stairs.  Walk up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the grand room and take a right into the doorway that is immediately after the two Victorian east lake chairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn to the left and walk on the rug, going past a few chairs and a end table.  When you get to the hallway, you can turn right and then go to where there is a door on the left and on the right.  Stop there.  Wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk towards the end of the hall. Take the last entrance on the right and stop between the two doors in the hallway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the hallway and through the entrance to the kitchen area. Walk  Passed the sink and stove area and stop between the refrigerator and dining table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the kitchen. Go past the sink and stove stand in front of the dining table on the bench side. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the kitchen.  Walk past the refrigerator.  Stop directly in front of the wooden table. 
i5noydFURQK Walk through the office area out through the sliding barn door. Turn and walk into the kids bedroom next to the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Walk through the doorway to the left of the kitchen. Go down the hallway and turn left. Enter the door there. 
i5noydFURQK Turn left and go past the doorway.  Turn left and into a kid's bedroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the day room and go down the hall and make a left and wait at the entrance to the grand hall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the room and move down the hall. Take a left at the first opportunity and then stop in front of the door. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn right and go to the door
Go to the next door
Go through the door on the left. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk across the room and enter the room with the television. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward through the living room. Walk into the office to the right of the dining room table. Stop on the rug in front of the desk. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the glass table and lamp with a white lampshade. Walk diagonally across the open area and turn right into the room containing a table and blue vases. Wait next to the table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn and walk down the hallway past the staircase. Continue down the hall around the corner near the potted plant. Walk up to the next open door on the wall with a bathroom inside. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk straight ahead, veering to the right to avoid the stairs.  Go past the potted plant and into the first doorway on the left.  Stop there and wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forward staying to the right and moving towards the stairs. Turn right when you reach the stairs (don't go up or down the stairs). Go past the staircases and forwards towards the room with the double doors that have the horizontal openings. Turn left while you are still in this hallway (Don't go through the double doors). You will be just past the double doors and facing a large potted plant. You should go slightly right towards the small two paneled door that is visible to the right of the potted plant. Stop when you are just outside this room, which is a small half bath with a vessel sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Take a right and walk out of the bedroom. Take a right and wait next to the counter. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and walk out of the restroom, then take the door on your right and go up the stairs. Turn right once you get up them, and stop after the counter. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bathroom, exit the bedroom, turn right, go down the stairs, stop near counter. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight to the hallway and then turn left.  Go past the bed.  Veer to the right and go through the white door.  Stop when you're in the doorway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Move forward
Turn left
Walk forward past bed on platform
Walk forward past green sofa
Stop in doorway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the bed through the lounge area and wait in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 walk passed furniture on porch, turn right and walk 2 paces, turn left into house walk across living room to hallway and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go indoors, go straight passed the television, go right around the picture, stop outside the door to the bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 TURN RIGHT TO FACE THE OUTDOOR SEATING AND WALK TOWARDS THE HOUSE, TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND WALK INTO THE HOUSE, WALK TO THE T.V. WHILE FACING THE HALLWAY, WALK INTO THE HALLWAY TOWARDS THE OPEN BATHROOM DOOR. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk passed the sink area and into the closet. Walk into room with couches and a glass wall. Walk out of the room and onto the outside deck area. Stop near the outdoor tub. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk to the end of the wooden wall. Turn right. Walk to the couch, turn left and go out the door onto the patio. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk out of the closet and pass the sinks on the left. Past the sinks take a right into the bedroom. walk straight in the bedroom past the bed on the right and the couch on the right. At the couch take a left and go on the patio stopping nest to the third panel on the fence on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk past the table into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop by the wicker chest of drawers. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and walk up the remaining steps. Walk down the hall and through the open door of the bedroom with blue painted walls and ceiling fan. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and go right down the hallway. Stop in the entrance to the bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight down the hall and up the stairs. When you reach the door to the gym, go left into the gym and  stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through the hallway then turn left at the last door on your left. Stop near the sit up bench. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Move down the hall and up the stairs. Enter the first room to your left with all of the exercise equipment and stop in the doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn to the right.  Walk past the couch.  Go through the sliding door.  Wait by the table and chairs on the outside deck. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 With the couch on your right walk forward through the living room and through the door out onto the patio stopping just outside of the door. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left, walk outside. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn around and walk into the bedroom.  Turn right and go past the bed and then turn right again.  You will see a bathroom.  Wait right at the entrance of that room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG with the doorway on your left go forward into the bedroom and go right walking past the bed and go right into the bathroom at the end of the room stopping just on the inside of the doorway to the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn around and walk towards the slender white table. Turn right and exit the bedroom via the farthest doorway to the right. Enter the bathroom and wait by the sink. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Enter the building and go through the main room to the hallway on the left. Turn right and wait in the bathroom on the left. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk into the the open door to the inside. Walk through the room passed the tables and into the  door between to two white tables labeled "restroom." Walk into the right hands bathroom and and stop near the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk into the house and through the doorway past the shelf. Go straight past the benches and walk left of the table through the doorway. Turn right and step into the bathroom and stop. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk to the left of the table then walk straight between the chairs and go stand a few feet in front of the patisserie stand. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk through all the chairs turning slightly right and wait in the open area next to the sign. 
PuKPg4mmafe With the couch on your right take a left and walk between the chair and table then take a right and walk straight into the hall and stop with the pillar and the sign on your left side. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk straight past the bed, and stop in front of the hammock. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go forward to edge of bed. Stop at door exit. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go forward, walking on the rug.  Walk past the bed and stop just bed. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ FACING A HALLWAY WITH WASHING MACHINES TO THE RIGHT WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY TO THE DOORWAY AT THE FAR END, WALK OUT OF THE BLACK DOOR AND ONTO A SCREENED IN PORCH. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ exit the bedroom and go through the kitchen and and then go out onto the porch. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ leave bedroom and head straight through kitchen, go through the door and stop on porch facing parking area. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go to the right of the counter, turn right and go past the table and chairs.  Turn right and walk past the couch.  Turn left and go out the door.  Stop right when you get outside.  Wait. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Move forward and to the right, continuing down that path until the brown couch. From there, move and out through the patio doors, stopping just outside. 
ac26ZMwG7aT . Walk around the counter top. Walk towards the dining room area Walk passed the dining table and towards the couches. Continue passed the couches and out through the glass sliding door to the outside patio area. 
2n8kARJN3HM leave the room with the barber chain in it and walk 5 feet into room with long table.
turn right and walk 20 feet to the end point of the long table which should be on your left.
at the end of the long table turn left to face an open door with glass windows on the top half and with a ventilation grate directly in front of door jam.
walk approximately 8 feet to the entrance of the open door and stop just outside the entrance to peer into a hallway which opens to another open door with a bed facing you. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and walk into the dining room. Take a right. Take a left after the table and wait in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk into the dining room and turn right.  Walk past the long table and turn left before you reach the smaller round table.  Walk to the open door that has the four glass panes, and stand in the doorway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk left passing the fireplace and head out, Turn left, passing another fireplace and make a sharp left at the bathroom and stop there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn and walk out of the room passed the Christmas tree. Walk through the living room towards the fire place and through the door on the left and stop in the bathroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and face the doorway. Go through it. Once through it, turn left and go near the fireplace. Head left and through the bathroom door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Wait on the mat just outside the double doors, past the table and chairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go to the right slightly.  Go between the table and chairs and the windows.  Then stop when you get to the light brown door.  Wait there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go towards glass doors. Hug the right side. Go forward and enter the white door on the right. 
JF19kD82Mey Go to the closet
Go to the painting
Go to the print with six heads
Go to the light switch. 
JF19kD82Mey walk forward, pastt the bed, take a right to go outside the room and down the hallway.  Move past the end of the landing and stop. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk forward past the bed  and take a right into the hallway outside of the room and walk down the corridor an stop in front of the closet across from the painting. 
2n8kARJN3HM TURN LEFT UNTIL THERE ARE STAIRS ON BOTH SIDES AND A TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD AND SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT OF THE TABLE, ON THE LEFT SIDE WALL IS AN OPEN DOOR AGAINST A WALL WITH ART ON IT, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR AND INTO A ROOM THAT HAS MANY CABINETS FILLED WITH DISHES. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the room towards the wooden side table. Walk past the table and turn into the storage room with the glass cabinets. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk towards the dining room, wait inside the double doors on the left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk through the game room past the table tennis game. Walk into the next room through the arches and past the desks towards the couches in the corner of the room. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk toward and past the ping pong table. Continue in that direction until you reach the sofa with two green pillows. Stop in front of the table that is in front of that sofa. 
ZMojNkEp431 With the stone pillar on your right and the table on your left walk into the main room going forward and passing the tennis table on your left go between the work tables and go forward to the table and stop in front of the table in front of the love seat. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the tiled sun room area with potted plants along the glass walls. Pass by the candles on the wall and also the library room. Continue down the hall to the open arched entry way at the end. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the hallway with the pool outside on the left. Stop by the double doors at the end of the hall. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go right to the first vase
Go to the birdhouse
Go to the wine press
Go to the barrel. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk forward towards the patio with the love seat on your left. walk around the love seat from the rear and into the hallway. with the plant on your right walk into the hallway through the doorway. In the hall take a left, and another left into the empty bedroom. In the bedroom stop just inside the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the couch on the right and turn right into the hallway. Take a sharp left and enter the first, empty room. Wait in the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the door behind the couch and take your first left and you should see the large empty room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk towards front door. Turn left and walk to end of hallway. Turn right, and walk into room on the left. Wait behind the desk, next to the picture on the wall. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk toward the door, then turn left. Walk past the stairs and past the first room on your right. Turn right into the second room on your right and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out the door and turn left. Wal down the hall and turn left. Walk down the hall and go through the door on your left. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the bedroom and walk passed the bathroom and passed the steps. go left at the first door on the left, a bedroom. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go to the chair
Go to the doorknob
Go in the door
Go to the light switch
Go to to the railing
Go to the bed. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight until you get past the Marilyn Monroe picture.  Turn left and enter a bedroom.  Stop when you get just to the bed. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk passed the dining table and through the open sliding doors. Walk t Through the arched door on the right. Then walk down the hall to the bedroom doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Facing the dining room table go around the table with the table on your left side go around it into the hallway at the end of the living room and take a left into the bedroom stopping just inside the room near the  doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go right around table and head towards the hall. Turn left to the bedroom and stop in the doorway and face the bed. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and head towards the exit. Turn right and continue. Make another right into the glass doors and continue  down the hall way and stop in the middle. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left and walk to the stairs. Go up stairs. Turn right and go down the stairs and into the hallway. Stop just before stairs on the left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk down the hallway past the plants.  Stop right before the top of the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk just right ahead of you and across from the small television you will find the shower stall. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the hallway, enter the bathroom, wait at the shower door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around 180 degrees and walk forward into the bathroom. turn left to the shower and wait at the open door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk out of the room walk into the bathroom on the left and wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go to the last tank
Go to the door
Go to the left of the plant
Go to the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk straight out of the utility room. Walk into the second door on your left. Stop by the corner of the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the front door to the house. Make a left through the door and walk down the hall and turn the corner. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Walk passed the two large beds and into the bathroom, stopping near the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk towards the wall divider inside the house. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and walk through the doorway.  Turn to the left and walk down the hall.  Turn left again and walk into the bedroom.  You'll go past two beds Walk into the bathroom, towards the mirror and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight and into the room. Take a right and walk past the bed and into the bathroom. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter the building through the door. Move into the bedroom on the right. Move forward and stop at the door of the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk along the patio into the nearest entrance door to the home. Walk down the hall into the bedroom. Walk passed the bed and through the door to the bathroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk into the closet and turn left, then stop and wait by the poster on the wall. 
5q7pvUzZiYa go through closet, turn left. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk forward into the Walk-In wardrobe. Turn left and walk past the t-shirts on the right. Continue past the shoes on the right and wait next to the Ryan Blair poster on the right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk past the kitchen into the dining area. Wait by the window at the other end of the table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn to the right. Walk through the hall between the kitchen and the living area. Walk to end of hall. There should be a large wooden table at the end. Stop at the last chair on the right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk past kitchen. Walk past dining room table. Wait at plant. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn right and go past the cabinets.  You'll walk through the bathroom and into a hallway with a mirror.  Stop right there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn right and head towards the bathroom. walk through the bathroom and head to the other side. Stop once you reach the other end. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Move through the bathroom to your slight right and stop once you've exited the bathroom, next to the mirror. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the room and turn left. walk into the garage and stop on the mat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj go forward through the doorway.  Take a left turn then walk forward through the door into the garage.  Stop just inside the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait on the welcome mat. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 turn hard right. go through bedroom door. turn left. go to door that leads to the hallway. turn left. walk towards the stairs. walk down stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and wait in the hallway on the rug. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet. Walk towards the red carpet turn left and exit the room. Walk past the bookcase and wait by the small set of stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Move down the stairs and then turn left. Move forward and then immediately turn left into the living room. Continue forward and stop in front of the piano. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the stairs to the bottom. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs so that you are facing the dining area (not the blue hallway) and the large panel of light switches are on your right. Walk forward a short distance until the front door is on your right and a piano is on your left. Turn left and walk towards the piano. Stop in front of the blue chaise long. You will be between the chaise and the stairs you went down earlier. You have reached your destination. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the 2 flights of stairs in front of you. When you get to the bottom look to your left. Walk a couple of steps and turn to your left again. Walk straight to the piano in the living room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and go past the bed to the doorway.  Go through the doorway and across the hall, into the kitchen and stop there and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX leave bedroom to hallway. turn slight right and enter hall way, turn slight left to kitchen, stop at counter. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk across the hallway, stop at the entrance to the kitchen. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around and walking past the third door to the corner. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall past the three doorways and turn left. Step into the hallway and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around go to the end of the hall and turn left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Make a left into the room in front of the staircase. In the garage, make a right into the fitness roo. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk toward the stairs and turn left into the garage. Turn right and walk into the gym. Stop just inside the doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go forward to the first open doorway which is on the left.  Go forward into the room and stop and wait at the doorway on the right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk down the path past the cactus. Keep walking past the plants step into the room and stop by the door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Stay on the walkway and follow the slightly curving path toward the door. Walk through the door and wait. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around.  Walk on the pathway towards the entrance of the house.  When you get to the doorway, walk through it and then stop.  Wait. 
i5noydFURQK Turn to the right and walk out of the bedroom door.  Turn left once you get into the hallway.  Then turn right at the first door.  You'll be looking into the bathroom.  Stop when you get into the doorway. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait in the bathroom on the right. 
i5noydFURQK Walk forward past the bed and dresser and into the hallway outside of the room and take a left into the hallway outside of the bathroom and take a right into the bathroom and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s With the massage table on your right walk forward away from the room and into the room with the pool taking a left and walking along side the pool past the two lounge chairs and take a right into the bar walking straight and stopping at the bottom of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the hallway into the room with the indoor pool. Walk along the pool past the lounge chairs and through the open entry on the right near the potted plant. Walk down the hall towards the woven lounge chairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn to the right and go down past the potted plant.  Walk along the pool. Turn right by the wet floor sign and walk through the doorway, past the counter and stop in front of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn towards bathroom door. Exit. Go through doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk forward and go to your left towards the wood door.Go out of the door and into the hallway. In the hallway walk straight into the main reception hall. In the main room stop between the first table and the doorway behind you. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk passed the sink through the entrance of the women's bathroom. Walk down the hall and towards the dining room area. Stop near the open double doors on the left. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the kitchen and take a left. Enter the door second on the left. Stop inside the room next to the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn right and walk across the room past the sink. Then turn left and you will see a bunch of doors. Walk into the second one on the left, and stop. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the kitchen and turn left. Walk into the second door on your left. Stop once you take a step inside the empty room. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk out of the bathroom and into the bedroom then make a left. Walk out of the bedroom and wait right outside the door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around out of the shower and stand in the open doorway. Make a right and walk to the banister. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn and walk out of the shower area. Walk out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom door into the hallway, passing the bed on the way. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk to the end of the hall, into the bedroom and wait by the kitchenette. 
1pXnuDYAj8r move down the hallway to the left of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around 180 degrees, go down the hallway.  Stop next to the minifridge. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight past the Godfather poster and toward all the mirrors and make the corner and go to the staircase. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go to the end of the hallway and turn right. Wait at the top of the stairs on the left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Facing the poster take a left and walk down the hallway towards the mirror and take a right at the end of the hallway and walk towards the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs before going down them. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom passing the sinks  Exit out to the main lobby and wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave bathroom. turn slight right, head towards main room and stop there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk outside the bathroom. Turn right and enter the room to your left and wait by the white and beige object. 
sKLMLpTHeUy With the pictures on your left go straight down the hall into the bedroom and walk past the bed taking a right onto the patio and stopping in the doorway just outside on the patio. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go to the doorway
Go forward 1 metre
Go to the chair
Go to the painting
Go to the plastic chair
Go to the water faucet. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and go down the hall.  Go past the foot of the bed and veer left.  Go out of the door way and onto the terrace.  Stop when you finally get there and wait. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk between the tables.  And go towards the doorway.  Then turn to the left once you're through the doors.  Walk a couple of steps and then stop. Wait right there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Move past the massage tables and out the door to the left. Stop just outside the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk across the room, and stop right on the other side of the door. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hallway and then turn right where there is an entrance with two doors. Walk in and then turn right. Walk around the bed and then walk through the door straight ahead. Wait in the bathroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Take a right through the first door into the bedroom. then take another right into the bathroom. Stop near the towel rack. 
EDJbREhghzL Go straight in the hallway.  Turn to the right and go into this room.  Walk past the foot of the bed and into a master bathroom.  Wait there once you get to this room. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk inside the building and go straight, pass two doors turn left into the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hallway passed the wall paintings. Continue passed the laundry room and walk through the open door near the wooden cabinets into the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go straight down the hallway.  Past the painting on the wall.  Turn left when you get to a bedroom.  There is a rocking chair and a bed in it.  You'll wait right there in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the table on the left-hand side.  Exit the room.  Turn right and walk past the large mirror on the right-hand side.  Stop at the entrance to the long hallway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk towards the computer and proceed to exit the room by the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn to the right and walk around the table and chairs.  go through the double doors.  Walk to the right and go past the "Current" photo on the wall.  You're in a hallway.  Stop before you get to the rug. Wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight through the 2 sets of doors. Walk Across the large room through another set of doors. Walk a couple of steps in this room and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the triple set of doors in front of you and travel on through the room with the flowered floor into the next room with the large ottoman in the center. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn to the right, go through the wooden door.  Keep walking straight across the massive carpet.  Go through the double wooden doors.  You'll be in a massive room with big windows.  Wait there in the entry way to the room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and walk through the room with the woven chairs. Walk up the two steps and turn left through the open doors. Walk through the hallway and stop before the window with white shade that is drawn down. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the couches and up the steps. Take the first left and enter the room.  Stop in front of the doorknob. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Cross the room and go up the steps. Wait through the door on the left. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk towards the living room. Then walk through the hallway and into the room that is straight ahead. Wait at the entrance to the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the kitchen heading into the living room. Hang a left and walk into the hallway past the living room. In the hallway go into the bedroom straight ahead. In teh bedroom stop once you are inside the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go straight across the room, and turn slight left through the opening. Walk straight to the bedroom door and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn to the right, and walk down the sidewalk.  Go around the center of it and walk on the grass.  When you're just past the planter, you should stop and wait. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the patio stones and passed the circular planter bed. Walk towards potted plants and through the gate towards the next lawn area with a fountain. 
EDJbREhghzL Move towards and around the left side of flowerbed, continuing to move forward until you reach the railing on the right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the living room area passed the sofa and bar stools near the sink. Walk through the open archway on the other side of the room and take a right to go through the open bedroom door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and go past the bar and then turn slightly right, past the brown chair.  Continue down the hall.  When you get the bedroom, you stop right before walking into it. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the living room. Turn right. Walk into the bedroom and wait by the table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk along the wall next to the chairs and desk.  Walk to the other side of the room with the glass windows. Turn right through the hallway at the end of the room. Walk towards the arched door leading to a large room at the end of the hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk to the other end of the room and wait in the last hallway on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Stay along the right side of the two round tables, and walk towards the entrance of a hallway on your right where there is bench on left of the hallway. Make a right into the hall way, and wait between 3 doors where there is a painting on the left side and another room in front of you. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around 180 degrees and go up the stairs to the top of the stairway.  Turn right.  Move forward a few steps and then stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Proceed up the staircase
Once at the top walk towards the double glass doors on your right and stop in front of them. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk up the stairs and take a right. Stop in front of the ornate glass double doors. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around walk down the hallway past the open house doors and turn the corner to the left. Walk through the door at the end of the hall and into the bedroom with two large beds. Walk through the room and into the bathroom stopping near the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn to your right and go down the walkway past the door to the outside on your left. At the hallway with the four  doors go through the door on the left, past the chair to the door's left.  Go into the room past two beds on your right into the bathroom and then turn and face the mirror. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around, walk down the hall and turn left to go into the bedroom.  Walk through the bedroom, into the bathroom, and then stop right by the mirror. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight pass the bed and take a left out of the door and into the hallway where you take a right out of the door pass the dining table out onto the patio stopping just pass the patio doors. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bedroom and enter a kitchen, head right exiting through the patio doors. 
vyrNrziPKCB proceed away from the bathroom, towards the doorway to the left of the bed
exit the doorway towards the table with 4 chairs
proceed through the doorway on your right
walk outside until you are in between the doorway you just walked through, a fire pit, and a second doorway. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk forward with the fireplace on your left. Go over the velvet rope and walk towards the ornate doors. Stop at the doors with the fireplace poker on your left. 
VLzqgDo317F TUrn around, walk on the red runner, go past the fireplace.  Stop when you get to the 3 chairs.  wait there. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past fireplace. Walk past chandelier. Walk past fireplace. Wait at double doors. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk around the bed and chairs and enter the bathroom on your left. Stop near the shower. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Move to the end of the bed and stand on the blue dot. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and walk past the bed, turn right at the dresser, and then turn right again and walk into the bathroom.  You'll stop by the shower door and the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and go straight until you pass the bed on the right, turn right past the ottoman. keep straight until you are near the dresser, then turn right and go towards the door on your far right, enter the door and stop where the shower stall is on your left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn right and go to the bust
Go to the desk
Go to the barrel
Go to the mat. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk away from the bookshelf and straight past the stairs into the main room and walk past the half wall and take a right past the half wall into the boiler room and stop to the right of the rug near the sink. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head straight past the stairs to the end of the room, turn right through the door, then turn right again. Stop by the rug. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Face the fireplace and walk through the door to the left of the fireplace to enter the "Great Room."  Stop when you get through the doors before you get to the first circular dining table. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk through the living room passed the fire place. Go through the open glass double doors into the room with great room plaque above the door. Walk into the dining room and stop near the closest table ahead. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Move forward to stand in front of the book case. Move to stand facing the arch way of the great room and then move through it. Then move forward to face the nearest dining table. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the shower on your left go out of the bathroom through the door on the left and take a right in the bedroom and a right out of the bedroom into the hallway and go straight taking a left and going into the door into the bedroom and a left out onto the patio stopping in the doorway to the patio. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the door on the wall next to the bathroom sink. Walk into the hallway and turn the corner past the painting on the wall. Continue down the hall past the red abstract painting and walk into the bedroom door near the painting. Walk through the bedroom and out onto the deck area on the other side of the rooom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 exit bathroom into bedroom.  go right to bedroom doorway.  step out into hallway by the large red and white picture.  go into the bedroom on the right.  go past the white chair on the left and out the sliding door onto patio. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk on the stone path to the left and enter the house. Walk around the curved wall to the left and past the chairs. Wait on the bottom stairs to the left. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the red sculpture and into the building. Walk straight and turn left by the chair. Walk straight and turn left. Walk up the stairs. Stop on the second step. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Move toward the red art piece. Go inside. Turn left and walk toward the red chair. Begin to go up the stairs to your left. Stop on the second stair. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bedroom turn left and go through the doorway on the right.  Walk left past the piano. stand in the hallway next to the two paintings. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn to the right and walk through the doorway.  You'll see a living room, and you'll walk past the grand piano.  You'll be in a hallway and that's where you'll stop and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the bedroom and out through the open doors into the hallway. Walk down the hall passed the glass patio door and continue around the corner and down the hall. Walk passed the mirror into the room with the piano and continue past the piano. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room by walking through the door beneath the small painting.  Walk towards the drum set.  Stop in front of the drum set. 
29hnd4uzFmX From the end of the bed go forward out of the room into the hallway and go straight in the hall walking forward towards the drum set at the end of the hall stopping halfway between the end of the railing and the drum set. 
29hnd4uzFmX turn right and go to the door. go through the door and then go to the drum set. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk across the room to the door next to the couch, and stop. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the dining room area passed the dining table. Walk over to the blue couch near the window. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn to the right and head from the kitchen counter towards the dining table. Pass the dining table and head towards the glass doors. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left. Wait at the top of the stairs on the left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left walk to the bar and stop at the top of the steps on the left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and go past the kitchen.  Turn Left at the microwave area.  You will be at the top of the stairs.  Wait right there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk straight and wait by the dining room table. 
rPc6DW4iMge Face slightly left and proceed through the kitchen. Move between the countertops towards the sink. Continue forward past the stove. Continue out of the kitchen and into the dining room. stop behind a chair. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk forward through the kitchen past the stove and the sink. Once you pass the kitchen you will enter the dining room. In the dining room stop next to the first dining chair. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk out of the bathroom.  When you're in the hall turn to the left and walk down that hallway.  When you get to the next place that you can, turn right.  You'll be in a long hallway with big planter things.  Stop by one and wait. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out the bathroom door and turn left. Go down to the end of that hallway where you'll see a glass wall and turn right. Go through the glass doors at the end of the hallway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go to the door
Go to the wall lights on the left
Go to the light switch
Go forward one metre
Go to the seat on the right
Go to the glass doors. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk past the easel with the sign on it. Walk up to the second step. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the dining room table and up the set of stairs on the left. Stop on the second from the bottom stair. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk passed the table and display board. Walk up the small set of stair passed the displace board that enter a large open room with office desks. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Enter the building and go up the steps on the far left. Wait at the top of the steps in the bedroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and go into the house.  Walk past the red chair and turn left and go into the kitchen area.  Then turn right and go up the stairs.  When you get to the top, go on into the room where there's a bed and a couple of red reclining chaises.  Wait there by the chaise. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Please enter from swimming pool.Then cross chairs and table. Then take upstairs. then inter bed rooms. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bedroom and turn left.Pass the blue painting on the wall.Turn right into the second bedroom and walk toward the patio doors. Wait at the patio doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk forward through the bedroom and past the dresser on the right. Go straight past the chair and take a left and go into the long closet on the left next to the mirror. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk towards the hallway with a blue painting. Turn left and wait by the entrance of the empty room. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hallway passed the hanging wall art. Continue down the hallway past the laundry room and stop at the wooden cabinets on the right of the hallway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hall.  Keep  going until you get to the brown closet doors on the right.  Then you will stop and wait. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight down the hall until you reach the digital thermostat on your left. 
29hnd4uzFmX With the window behind you go straight and out of the room into the hallway and take a left in the hall and another left into the bathroom stopping once you are past the door in the bathroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room, turn left into the first door on the left, stop beside the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX go through door, turn left, enter bathroom,. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk through the door in front of the pool and make a slight left to get to the steps at the end of the room. Walk up the steps and wait at the top. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the pool area by walking inside the house. Inside turn left and walk up the short stairs and wait. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around to face the sliding doors. Walk straight through the door until you see steps. Walk up to the top of the steps. Stand on the next floor up. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Go to the other side of the library and stand on the red dot. Follow the blue dots. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Turn so the windows of the room are on your left.  Walk to the end of the long table, next to the lamp. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Turn around and walk towards the leftmost and farthest red chair in the room and wait there. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk to the left along the table. At the end of the table stop in front of the chair on your left. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk up the stairs, cross the porch, enter the living room, wait at the doorway to the kitchen. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk up the steps and go straight. Then turn right and go inside. Then turn left and wait in front of the kitchen. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Proceed straight down the porch.  Turn right through open door.  Enter the bedroom.  Turn to your left and enter kitchen. 
B6ByNegPMKs STARTING IN AN OFFICE FACING AN OPEN DOOR LOOKING DOWN A HALLWAY, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR AND DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU REACH THE END, TURN TO THE RIGHT AND WALK FORWARD UNTIL YOU REACH THE FIRST DOOR ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit office and go straight towards exit sign. Continue straight down hallway until you reach a turn. Turn right and wait in front of door S-C. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk passed the exit sign into the hallway on the other side of the room. Walk along the glass partition walls around the first corner and stop at the closed wooden doors. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the hallway., at the bottom of the stairs turn right, walk into the dining room and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk straight down this hall, past the two large urns and right after the large plant you will see the dining room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 turn hard left and walk down hallway. at the end of the hallway turn right and go into the dining room. 
aayBHfsNo7d Goright down the wall facing the large window and turn left at the doorway of the bedroom with the cream and dark colored bed cover. 
aayBHfsNo7d Step out of the doorway and turn right.  Walk down the hall.  Stop at the second doorway on your right, looking into the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk around the corner near the wooden cabinet doors. Walk along the glass partition wall and towards the bedroom entry near the stairwell. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past barber's chair. Walk into open door on left. Wait at end of half wall. 
r47D5H71a5s exit the room and go straight down the hall. Wait at the end of the wall with stones. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn slight right and walk through the hallway door to the bathroom entrance. Stop near the room divider. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj move away from the garage and into the dining room and kitchen area, continue between the dining room table and kitchen bar, vear right, head down the hall, turn right into the bathroom at the end of the hall, turn left to exit the bathroom, then turn right and stop at the doorway to the closet. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the hallway past the bedroom and into the dining room area. Walk past the dining room table with chairs tucked under. Continue into the hallway on the other side of the table and into the bathroom near the end of the hall. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn to the right, go down the hall, go past the island, into the narrower hall and go straight until you can turn right and go into the bathroom.  Turn left and go a couple of feet, then turn to the right and stop.  wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight sticking to the right of the round table towards an open door. Wait before the first doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight out of the room past the restrooms. Keep walking straight and wait at the first doorway before the front door of the building. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the tiled room past the padded benches. Continue past the bathroom and table along the wall with white table cloth. Walk through the open entry way ahead with the floor rug. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter main room, turn slight right and walk towards couch. stop at edge of stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk across the room toward the sectional sofa by the windows. Stop at the top of the steps. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk down the hall through the open door and underneath the stairwell above. Continue towards the room ahead with open glass walls. Walk to the small steps leading into the room with the glass walls. 
B6ByNegPMKs Make left at exit sign, walk down the hall to second office on the left. This office has a  bulletin board full of notices. Stop in front of desk with green chair. 
B6ByNegPMKs Move into the area where the two hallways meet and then make a left turn. Move down the hallway and enter the second doorway on your left. 
B6ByNegPMKs go through door and turn right, enter second room on right. 
r47D5H71a5s Go out the door towards the adjustable chair, then towards the door by the decorative grasses.  Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the bathroom and take a right down the hallway. Stop at the end of the walkway near the plants. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom. Turn right and wait between the doorways by the plants. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk past exit sign. Walk past servers. Wait at fire extinguisher. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn 180 degrees and walk straight towards the EXIT sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight down the hallway toward the windows at the far end. Walk past the office labeled enerskin. Stop near the EXIT sign on the upper right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk straight keeping to the left of the pool.  When you get to the glass doorway to house, wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the pool, wait at the door to the house. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk by the side of the pool straight back towards the plant. When you get to the plant make a right and stand at the glass door in front of the pool. Wait at the door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk out door to top of steps. go down the stairs. continue to the bottom of the steps. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk to the top of the stairs, walk down the stairs, stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Make an exit out of the laundry room, and hang slightly left where there are stairs. Head downstairs to the main floor where you will wait at the end of the stairs where there is a painting hanging on the wall next to light switches. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hallway following the marble flooring and stop when it turns left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk down the hall towards the lighted sconce on the wall. Wait in front of the lighted sconce. Three white cushioned chairs will be to your right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down hallway and stop at the end. 
aayBHfsNo7d Enter the house and walk straight past the living room and staircase.  When you get to the dining room table, turn left.  Enter the room in front of you and stop in front of the table with the vases and open book on it. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn to the left and continue walking into the house.  You'll walk past the dining room table and then take a left, into a room with a desk.  Walk to the desk and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Enter the house and walk through the living room. Keep walking and take a left into the office across from the dining table with the gray chairs. Stand on the rug in front of the black desk. 
aayBHfsNo7d Follow the blue dots into the other room. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward to the door, turn left, go down the stairs to the bottom, turn right, walk to the couch, turn left, walk down the hall to the first door on the right, wait in the doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go left down the stairs. Continue past the light switch on the left and go left down the hall. Stop in the doorway on the right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go forward and turn left at stairs. Go down stairs. At the bottom turn right and go forward 3 steps. Turn left and go towards the door on the right. Stop in front of the door. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ stand at the bottom of the staircase. walk towards long table.   turn left into room with blue walls.  sit in the white chair to your left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the den area that is located past the statue of the pregnant woman. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the office and take a left. Go straight towards the table and take a left into the television room. In the television room stop in front of the love seat. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go to the left and through the doorway.  Then go into the bedroom, and past the bed.  Then turn left You'll see a pool outside.  Just wait right at the doorway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Enter the door to your left. Turn left into the bedroom. Walk toward the bed. Turn left at the bed. Walk to the edge of the pool and wait. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Head inside the building, turn left once inside, go to the opening on the left, go through the opening, stop once outside. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk around the big roped off display and turn left. Go through that entryway and down that hallway. Stop by the other roped off display on your right. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn to the left and climb over the rope.  Go down the hallway.  Jump over the rope on the right side at the end of the hallway.  Wait right there by the fireplace. 
VLzqgDo317F Go left through the second door by the columns, then enter the next room and turn right, wait by the table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ You're in a bathroom, turn to the right and walk through the doorway.  Walk over the carpet and to the colorful stairs.  Walk up a step and then wait. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bathroom and go towards a dining room.  Walk to the stairway. Wait in front of the stairway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ exit the bathroom and go to the stairs in the dining room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go Straight in the house all the way to the mirror then take a left and once you come to your first door take a right and stop right in the middle of the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go into the house and take a left at the end of the entry way. Go straight and into the dining groom through the first wall on the right. stop in the dining room doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through foyer. Make left mirror. Walk past wall sconce. Wait at dining room door threshold. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bathroom and walk through the office and into the hallway. Walk through the hall and into the living room, and stop once you reach the right edge of the rug. 
sKLMLpTHeUy leave bathroom to office, walk across office to hallway, follow hallway and turn slight left, stop in living room with stairs at the right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk around the glass table and out of the room. Turn left and walk towards the staircase. Stop in front of the door on your right and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk toward the shower, then exit the bathroom, make a hard right and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom and turn right.  Stop in the doorway of the empty room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the bathroom past the closet doors and bathtub. Walk out of the door and into the hallway. Turn the corner to the right into the adjacent room that is empty with a ceiling chandelier. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the closet and into the bathroom then make a left to leave the bathroom. Walk on the right side of the bedroom and leave the room. Make a left in the hall then make a right to go to the stairs. Walk past the steps and wait in the hall on the far left. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight ahead and into the bathroom.  Then turn left and go into the bedroom.  Go out the door and walk past the pool table.  Go past the top of the stairs.  Go straight to the start of the windows.  Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the closet and the bathroom and go out of the bedroom into the hallway. In the hallway go past the pool table and stairs and go straight through the archway, and stop in front of the light switch. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go to the right of the stairs and into the large master bedroom.  Wait at the doorway to the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Make a right from the elevator and walk towards the stairs. Go into the hallway on the right and turn left. Walk to the end of the hall and make a slight right turn. Go into the bedroom and into the bathroom on the right side of the room. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk towards the stairs, before you reach them turn right and go through the doorway. Walk into the bedroom and turn right and head into the bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out of the bedroom under the wine bottle decoration. Go past the bathroom and take a left into the first room which has two fish handing on the wall above the bed. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk through the bedroom past the bed and out the doorway into the hall. Walk along the banister rail passing the native american art on the walls. Walk into the bedroom that has fish mounted on plaques above the bed. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out of bedroom door into hallway and turn left. Go into first door on left. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the office and turn left Walk down the hall and turn right and walk  into the room just before the double doors. Stop just inside the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the doorway and into the hallway. Make a left and walk down the along the Glass partition walls Walk through the doorway straight ahead where the hall splits off. Their are two desks through the doorway with office tables. 
B6ByNegPMKs leave room and turn left. walk down hall, turn slight right at wooden/glass door. Turn right and enter room with three desks and chairs. stop. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Walk to the forward through the bedroom to the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
i5noydFURQK head toward bed, and veer a little to the left.  Walk to the closet and wait there. 
i5noydFURQK exit bathroom, stop in closet doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p leave living room and enter hall turn left and go forward down hall. Make a slight right to avoid furniture. Turn right at laundry room and stop facing trash can. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go across the hallway and enter the room. Turn right and wait in the doorway to the laundry room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Make a left and walk out of the double doors. Walk straight ahead to the chair at the end of the hall. Make a right into the utility room. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk to the end of the pool table and head right. Go down the hall, turn right and enter the bedroom. Turn right and walk past the bed on your left. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk forward towards the TV and take a right into the bedroom. Walk to the bathtub and stop right at the foot of the bathtub bear the bedpost. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk along the banister railing past the pool table. Walk through the door on the other end of the pool table passing the sofa. Walk into the bedroom and stop near the bathtub near the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the purple chairs and glass table. Walk straight past the red chair. Turn left and stop in front of the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the stairs, then turn right. Walk towards to the tall and silver cylindrical object, and then take a slight left. Wait here next to the cylindrical object. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the stairs and take a right. Walk past the table and into the hallway toward the door. Stop in front of the silver pillar with the door on your left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy walk off the balcony into the bedroom. Go through the bedroom and out into the hall and take a left. Go down the hall, and take the first left into the bedroom stopping in the doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk into the bedroom from the balcony and exit out the door to your right. Make an immediate left down the hallway and wait in the doorway to the first room on your left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the patio, exit the bedroom, turn left, walk down the hall, wait at the first door on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs turn right beside the table and chair.  Go down the hallway stop in the bedroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Continue on down the stairs. Then turn right and go down the hallway.  Go to the doorway and you'll see a bed with white sheets and a red half blanket on it.  You should wait by the door to that bedroom. 
EDJbREhghzL go down the stairs and turn right.
go down the hall way on your right.
Keep going down the hallway, pass a few pictures on the wall.
You then come to the bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy pass between couch and stairs continue into hall.  Turn right and pass through door, stop before cheetah wall hanging. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn to the left, all around, and go past the blue couch.  Walk to the hallway and turn right.  Go into a room with the leopard painting on the wall.  Stand just inside the doorway and wait. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the living room. Make a right at the smoke detector. Wait on the zebra rug. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go down the stairs, past the Christmas tree on your right, and wiat facing the room with the fireplaplace. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the stairs, when you reach the bottom stop at the christmas tree. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and go down the stairs. Walk forward and stop in front of the CHristmas Tree. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Walk down the hall past the closed glass door and stairwell. Turn the corner and walk past the dining table and kitchen counter tops. Walk to the end of the kitchen counter tops and near the sofa. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom, turn left, walk down the hallway past the stairs, turn right at the glass table, walk down the hallway, wait by the kitchen island. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit bathroom, turn left, walk to side of the stair case turn right, walk passed the table on the left and walk to end of the bar and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk towards the large glass doors and turn left facing the diningroom table and wait. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past foyer bench. Walk past thermostat.Wait at wind fridge. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn left at the bottom of the steps and continue towards the stools. Turn left into the kitchen and wait by the counter. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the stairs and take a right, and another right past the sink. Once past the sink take a left, and stop in the first doorway on your left in a bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn slightly to the right to walk up the stairs. Once you are at the top of the stairs turn right to walk into the large room towards the long table and the large marble vase. Before you enter the area with the long table turn right to move between the marble vase and the faucet display. You should be moving through an arched passageway towards a gilt framed mirror. In the hallway that is to the left of the gilt mirror there is a closed door. The door is at the beginning of the hallway and is on the right side of the hallway. Move to stand directly in front of this door and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the staircase, turn right and then right again, turn left to the hallway and then immediately right to enter the bedroom, wait by the door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go down stairs, walk straight into the kitchen and stop there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk down the stairs and straight into the room ahead. Wait by the cabinets. 
PX4nDJXEHrG go downstairs, through hall, stop in kitchen. 
VLzqgDo317F leave sitting room, jump the ropes and stop at top of stairs looking toward chandelier. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk out of the sitting area and go the stairs. Go down one stair to the second from the top and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Go around the table and head towards stairs that lead down. Walk a little forward towards the chandelier and wait at the stairs before going down. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go past the ovens and the counter and wait just before you go outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the kitchen towards the living room. Walk around the island and step onto the patio near the two chairs and stop in the patio doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the kitchen by walking past the ovens and then head right, stopping just at the doorway leading to the patio outside. 
JeFG25nYj2p leave bedroom in to hall, turn slight left. continute down hall straight and enter living room, stop behind the couch. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the bedroom through the open door into the hallway. Walk down the hall  passed the bathroom and laundry room .Walk through the wood double doors with glass panes and into the lounge area with couches. Stop near the sword mantle peice on the table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room, go straight until facing two chairs, wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T go up steps and turn right, stop at kitchen counter. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go to the landing and turn right up the stairs. Go straight through the dining room and wait in the kitchen. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn right and go up the stairs, proceed forward and stop by the bar stools. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk all the way through the room past seating areas. Walk past the mirror and turn left, then right. Stop in the doorway near the light switches. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Enter the large living room area and turn right. Move past the table area and enter the hallway. Continue moving forward until the hallway ends and make a 45 degree turn to your left. Continue forward and enter the first door on your right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go inside the house and turn right, then go past the ding room and past the stairs, then turn left, go down the hall and enter the first room on your right. Wait just past the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk out of the bathroom and through the television room into the hallway. In the hall go to the stairs and go up the stairs, stopping on the fourth from the top stair. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom, exit the waiting room, walk up the stairs, wait at the top of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom into the living room. Continue up the spiral staircase and stop three-quarters of the way up the staircase. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Head towards the three lounge chairs, turn right before you reach them and face the restroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk across the office to the lounge seats. Turn right into the 2nd door on the right. Enter the room and stop at the bench. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward towards the rice paper partition and take the last right into the locker room. In the locker room stop between the two mirrors on your right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A exit bedroom turning slight left to enter main hall, turn slight right and walk to edge of hall into doorway to other hall turn right and walk forward room with loungers and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and head to the right crossing the large open area. Turn right and continue down the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn left and wait in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A step into open doorway.  walk to the far right hand corner of the floor tile design. go right to end of hallway.  make a left into the spa room and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight through the doorway.  Then turn to the right.  Go to a room that has paneling on the walls and one window at the end of the room.  Wait there on the patchwork tile. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bedroom, walk into the second door on the right, stop in the empty room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bedroom and enter the second room to your right with the pictures hanging above the doorway. Wait just inside that room. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk down corridor and turn right at second desk. Walk over and stand beside white dresser. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk through the office past the work tables. Go to the right and stop next to the white bookshelf outside the conference room. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past desks. Walk past green floor vase. Wait at white bookshelf. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk through the dining room towards the kitchen.  Turn left upon entering the kitchen. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk straight past the dining room table and chairs. Walk through the kitchen through the left of the island. Walk straight into the hall way. Walk across the hall into the bathroom. Stop in front of the table and chair. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the dining room and go into the kitchen. In the kitchen take your first left into a hallway. In the hallway walk straight into the bathroom. Stop behind the chair in the bathroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down the hallway towards the stairs. Stop in front of the windows on the right past the door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down the walkway and wait at the top of the steps. 
E9uDoFAP3SH go forward down walkway, continue walking straight. keep walking straight past open door.  Move to next door and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 walk by left of staircase, enter bedroom and turn right. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go towards the double closet doors and turn right continuing down the hallway to the end until you are in a bedroom with two beds. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk around the upstairs hallway along the low wall towards the open doors at the end of the hall. Walk into the open door into the room with two twin beds. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs, and take a left at the top of the stairs. Go through the arched doorway and stop in front of the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs to the landing.  Go forward down the hall, under the archway, and to the door of the bathroom. Wait there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk upstairs to the first archway on the left and wait outside the bathroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the bathroom and walk straight down the winding hall sticking to your right. Take a right into the bedroom that is first on your right and another right into the bathroom and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bathroom. Continue forward and make a slight right to continue down the hall. Then go into the first room on your right. Go into the doorway of that room's bathroom and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go through the doorway into a hallway, veering to the right. Go into a bedroom with a geometric picture on the wall and wait looking into the bathroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 go down hallway towards glass door.  make a right at the glass door.  move forward and take immediate right into office and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward away from the gym room Turn right at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway of the first room on your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right down a long tiled hallway and walk towards the door. Turn right just before you reach the end, and look into the office. Wait. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn 180 degrees around so you are facing the steps leading to a hallway with photos on the right wall. Go up the steps. Walk down the hallway. Pass two doorways. When you get to a plant turn toward the third doorway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG go up steps, and through hall way, turn left at end of hallway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the stairs that leads into a long narrow hall with black and white photos  Go to the end of the hall and look into the bedroom and wait. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk forward past the living, dining room, and office. Go straight into the bedroom at the end of the hallway, and take a left into the mini kitchen area. Stop in front of the minifridge. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go through the living room on the right side of the house, then go down hall, to the end of hall then to the kitchen. Stop in the corner of the kitchen by the kitchen counter, near the window. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Pass the dining table on the right and go down the hallway until you reach the end. Go through the door at the end, and continue to the three vertices pictures on the far wall.  Turn left to face the canisters on a counter and wait. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk forward, keeping the long table to the left. Exit the room via the white door to the left of the stairs. Descend a narrow circular stairwell and wait, facing two windows with circular stained glass in their centers. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH exit library, go downstairs, stop on stairs. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk through the library along the long wooden table. Walk out of the  door on the other end of the room underneath the stairwell. Walk into the hallway passed the statue and stop on the stairwell do the lower level. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk to the open doorway to the left of the stairs.  Walk before you go through the doorway so you'll be facing a long wooden bench. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk forward and go around the dining table on the left side. Go straight through this room, and go to the wooden door leading to outside. Stop just before you are in the doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk to the left of the table, continue straight. Stop before going outside. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk out of the bedroom, turn right, stop before the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, exit the bedroom, turn right, wait at the top of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom leave and go into the hallway. In the hallway take your first right, then another right, and head towards the stairs. Stop by the first pillar at the balcony to the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 exit bedroom to hallway, turn left and go straight down hall to open door, stop in doorway facing christmas tree. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn left and go down the hall. Go through the door at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bedroom and move down the hallway, past the fire extinguisher and Christmas tree. Continue forward and stop in the doorway that is marked Master Suite. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go into the large room and towards the marble counter with stools  Continue in the direction until you enter a room with ovens and stovetops and a long serving window that opens to the oudside and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Follow the path marked by blue dots into the kitchen. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the indoor porch area and go into the living room. Make a right when you get behind the couch and go straight back to the kitchen. Make a left at the end of the kitchen and wait in the doorway of the kitchenette. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk into the house and past the living room hearing into the kitchen. In the kitchen take the left into the room with the stove and the open window to the patio. Stop in front of the sink. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom and straight across the hall. Turn left and walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the floor vent and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the bathroom. Walk straight into the dining room and take a left. Stop next tot he radiator in the floor. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave bathroom and continue straight in hall, turn slight left into sitting room, turn left into dining room and stop at table. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk to the doorway next to the bedroom. Walk straight to the shower door. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go through the open doorway near the bed. continue through the bathroom until you reach the thermostat near the shower. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Continue up the stairs. Go straight through the doorway and into the bedroom.  Turn to the left and go past the chair.  Go out the doorway to the rooftop.  Walk through the door and then stop.  Wait. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the bedroom door to the left of the red artwork, continue left, and leave the bedroom onto the balcony. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk up the stairs and go straight into the bedroom at the top of the stairs. Take a left, and walk out onto the balcony. Stop once you are on the balcony. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the washer and driyer and sink, out the door.  Stop facing the kitchen and the dining room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the laundry machines exiting the room and wait at the doorway to you right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave  the bathroom and go through to the end of the laundry room. At the end take a right and stop in the doorway once you enter the kitchen. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn right and move up the stairs. Once you reach the top, hang a slight left and wait in front of the white doorknob, keeping it on your right side. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs and take a left into the hallway, and stop in the arched doorway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs to the top.  Enter the doorway of the room on the left and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk slightly forward and take a left turn before the red chair at the table. Walk forward until you see a white cabinet to your right, and then take a slight right towards the two stone walls. Walk towards the stone walls and wait here. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk  past the office desk out into the middle of the large room. Pass by the other desks and through the large ceiling arches to the left. Go around the tables and walk into the stone hallway straight ahead with large silver air vent along the ceiling. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go straight, directly in between the table which is on your right and the book shelf which is on your left. Make a slight left, and then a hard right. Wait near the area where there is stone walls on both sides of you. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 go into the bedroom. then turn right and go into the hallway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit bathroom, walk past the closet and exit the bedroom, go straight, and stop by the dressing cabinet. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around until you face the door. Move next to the sink, then angle slightly right and move to the open door frame. When you're standing in it, angle slightly right again and move toward the bed. Turn to the right, and move towards the first open door you see, moving into it. Make another slight right, continuing towards the open white door you see and moving straight through the door. Stop and wait halfway to the next door, just before the mirror and dresser. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn to the left and go down the hallway towards the bedroom. Go through the archway.  Stop in front of the bedroom door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn towards the dining room, and go to the left of it.  Walk forward until you see the stairs.  Keep walking just past the stairs to the doorway to a bedroom, and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the kitchen and take a left in the hallway. Go straight and stop in the doorway to the bedroom at the end of the hallway. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Step forward, turn right, and walk up the stairs.  At the landing, turn right and continue up the second flight of stairs.  At the top of the stairs, walk straight ahead until you get to the dining room table.  Stop in front of the table. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Start by making a right up the staircase. At the top of the staircase, keep straight into the main dining area. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs, when you get to the top walk to the carpet before the table. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Take a step forward off the stairs.  Turn to the right and walk in front of the couch. Walk forward and face the hallway to the right. Wal down the hallway into the living room. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the stairs an take a right into the foyer. in the foyer walk toward the living room, but take a right instead of entering the living room. take another right and enter the room with the television. Stop once you enter the room and stand in the doorway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Step forward and turn to the right.  Walk through the room between the two couches.  Turn right past the couch and walk down the narrow hallway.  There is a doorway with stairs on your right off the hallway.  Walk past that doorway.  Enter the room with the wood floor in front of you and stop in front of the grey couch. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go into the hallway and turn to the left.  Enter the den and then turn right.  You'll continue that way until you reach a master bathroom area.  You'll stop by the first double sink you come to.  Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room and turn left. Enter the office area and take the door closest to your right. Enter the bathroom and wait. 
ac26ZMwG7aT enter hallway, turn left, enter room, walk through second doorway, stop in bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk into the elevator area. Walk out of the elevator and down the hall into the kitchen area. Walk around the kitchen counter tops towards the living room area. Walk up to the backside of the couches near the table lamp. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk straight ahead. Stop and stand at the clear banister that looks over the rest area. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk out of the elevator and go straight and into the kitchen. In the kitchen go down the stairs into the living room and stop next to the polka dotted chair next to the end table. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk down hallway, enter room on right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight along a corridor containing two glass walls with frosted glass in the middle. Take the first door on the left and wait inside the door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight down the hallway, in the direction away from the red couch.  When you get to the first doorway on your left, turn left and step through the doorway.  Stop there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk along railing in front of chairs. stop at corner of deck. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn left and move straight.  Move slightly to left while proceeding forward.  Go straight. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk along the railing on the balcony. Go past the lounge chair on your right and go to the other end of the balcony. Stop in the corner at the other end of the balcony. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk downstairs, turn left, walk through library, stop in office. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the stairs.  Make a left at the foot of the stairs.  Go through the doorway into the room with the desk in the middle and bookcases on the walls.  Walk past the desk, with the desk on your right, and through the doorway.  Stop in the doorway, facing the photocopy machine. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs and take a left. Go into the office on the left and take a left into he copier room. Stop in the copier room doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway to the first door across from the cabinets, wait in the doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Head out of the bathroom and turn right and exit the bedroom. Wait in the doorway of the first room on the right. 
aayBHfsNo7d go through doorway, turn right, walk through hall and stop in doorway on right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the desk with burnt orange chair, take a sharp left at the window, walk straight towards the kitchen and stop in front of the ridge. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bathroom by taking a left with the toilet behind you. walk straight through the foyer into the kitchen. Stop next to the white pillar in the kitchen. 
Uxmj2M2itWa exit bathroom, enter kitchen, stop at outside door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Pop over to the main entrance that is located through the dining area. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. At the hallway turn right and then left. Walk across the living room. Then turn left and step outside to the front entrance of the house. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. In the hall take a right going into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a left and walk to the main door. Go out of the main door which is first on your left. Stop on the welcome mat outside the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bathroom and take a right into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of bathroom and turn right. Go through bedroom into bathroom and wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right. exit bathroom. turn right into bedroom. walk from bedroom into the bathroom on the other side. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk inside the building, walk straight between the kitchen and living room area. Stop in the bathroom doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Enter the building, walk through the kitchen, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and enter the rightmost door. Keep walking  forward past the kitchen area and wait at the entrance of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Make a left at the mirror. Walk through the hallway to the second place you can make a right. Make a right, then stop at the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk into the home past the painting of a face. Turn into the hallway past the side table. Walk past the door to the kitchen area and continue down the hall walking into the bathroom ahead. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk into the foyer and take a left. Walk down the hallway and take a right. Taker your first left into the bathroom, and stop in the doorway. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk past the dining table and take a left into the hallway. In the hallway walk into the bathroom and stop on the rug. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk straight down the wall.  At the entry way, turn left.  Walk to the bathroom and wait inside the bathroom door. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk towards the kitchen area. Turn left and walk inside the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom, go through the bedroom and exit it, go down the hallway, walk between the kitchen and living room and stand facing the back door and dining table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the bedroom. Walk across the hallway and turn left and wait by table next to the kitchen area. 
8WUmhLawc2A TUrn around.  Leave the bathroom through the doorway.  Go into the bedroom, past the foot of the bed, turn to the right.  and down the hallway.  Then you'll be in the kitchen/living room.  Go behind the couch and in front of the island area.  Go towards the table, and then wait. 
82sE5b5pLXE walk to hallway on right. Follow hallway and stop in hallway with bathroom to the right. 
82sE5b5pLXE go to open doorway.  proceed straight down walkway.  stop outside first room and wait. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the bedroom and down the hallway. Wait next to the entrance to the bathroom on the right. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left walk across the bed and exit the room with the door to the right. Turn left and walk towards two black chairs and wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk in front of the bed and through an archway, turn left down a hallway, to a reading nook to the right with a fireplace and wait. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the foot of the bed and pass the armchairs against the wall. Continue to through the door into the hallway. Walk down the hall and around the corner passing the hanging wall art towards the nook with arm chairs and fireplace. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk down the hallway past the bathroom. Turn left and continue down the hallway to the top of the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk down the hallway and turn left. Walk past the wall decorations and start down the stairs. Stop about two steps down. 
JF19kD82Mey Go past the bathroom and down the hallway to exit the room on through the door left. Walk down the hallway and to the stairs. Go down one stair, and stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the open glass doors nearby Walk through the open door near the potted plant on a side table. Walk past the painting of a guitarist through the open door ahead. Walk into the room which has a sofa and coffee table. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the glass door and turn left. Walk passing the black bench and stop outside the entrance of the door leading to the living room. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk towards the stairs and take your first left. Go straight and enter the office at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down the hallway until you reach two doors that face each other.  Enter the room on the left and stop in front of the bed. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down narrow hallway. Make a left at first doorway on the left. Go into the room with the chair in the corner. Stop in the middle of the room. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go straight down the hallway. Enter the room through the first doorway you come to on your left and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right, walk to the stairs, walk up the stairs, walk to the desk chair and stop beside the chair. 
ZMojNkEp431 Exit the room. Go up the stairs. Cross the room to the large glass windows. 
ZMojNkEp431 Cross the room and go up the stairs. Continue to the right towards the desk. Wait by the glass wall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Facing the stairs turn to the left and go straight until you get to another set of stairs. Then turn right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk by bannister then turn right, stop at top of stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the hallway towards the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk towards the stairs and past the elevators on the right. Walk into the pool room and stop next to the plant on the right. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the hallway, walk past the elevators, enter the pool area, wait by the pool chairs on the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and exit the door that leads to the stairs and elevators. Walk past the elevators and enter the room with the pool located just past the elevators. Wait just inside that room. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the rocking chair. Turn right and walk past both rocking chairs. Turn right and walk into the building. Turn right and stop in the hallway. . 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk in front of the chairs turn right, go into the building, turn right, stop beside the washing machine. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk along the wooden porch around the corner and past the rocking chairs. Walk into the entry way of the home. Stop near the couch and floor lamp near the entry door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go down the narrow hall which is to your right past the refrigerator.  Go through the first doorway, then turn right and wait in the closet doorway to the left. 
8WUmhLawc2A take a right turn by the refrigerator and walk to the sign. go to the right. then turn left into the closet. 
8WUmhLawc2A turn right past refrigerator.   go to open doorway.  turn right then first left into closet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room into the next room. Once in the other room go straight into the next room and wait at the entrance. 
29hnd4uzFmX got through door, enter bedroom straight ahead. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward out of the utility room. Walk forward and into the bedroom straight across from the utility room. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the bathroom door into the hallway with red wall art. Walk through the entry into the kitchen area. Walk passed the counter tops and refrigerator and continue up to the rustic dining table ahead. 
8WUmhLawc2A With the toilet on your left leave the bathroom and hang a slight right in the hallway and a left into the kitchen walking between the counter and the island counter go forward and stop just in front of the bench at the table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the bathroom and go into the kitchen. Go forward towards the table.  Stop in front of the wooden table with a bench on one side and three chairs on the other. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk forward and turn right. Step out of the room and into the atrium and turn left. Walk past the couch and table and turn right. Walk up to the second step of the stairs and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk through open door. Make left into foyer. Walk past round foyer table to left. Wait at second step from the bottom of the stairway to the right. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom On the stair landing go right into the room and take a left in the hall going towards the main door then right up the stairs and stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk to the kitchen.  To the left of the left of the marble-topped island with the sink, there is a flight of stairs.  Turn left and stop at the landing at the top of the stairs exiting the kitchen. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk out from the patio area into the home towards the kitchen area. Pass by the backside of the counter and bar stools and turn the corner to walk halfway down the flight of stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk to the kitchen and wait on the stairs to the left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the bathroom towards the shower. Walk into the bedroom and pass the bed out through the door on the other side. Walk into the hallway and around the corner to the door that leads outside. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and continue towards the bedroom exit. Stop in the doorway leading outside. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward turn left walk straight go past the bed through the door turn left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 TURN RIGHT TO FACE A HALLWAY WITH A PICTURE ON THE RIGHT AND AN OPENING ON THE LEFT, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY PAST THE OPENING ON THE LEFT, CONTINUE FORWARD DOWN THE HALL PAST THE BLACK COUCH ON THE RIGHT AND STOP AT THE END OF THE COUCH NEAR A PILLAR ON THE RIGHT. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the hallway to the right passed the portrait of the christian first supper. Walk passed the couches an stop near the closest granite counter top near the couch area. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right and go down the hallway.  Go past the couch.  Stop and wait right by the pillar. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight and then turn left and go out of the bathroom.  Go past the workout material and turn left.  You'll be in a massage room.  Wait at the base of the masseuse tables. 
r47D5H71a5s leave closet and turn left out the door. turn slight left and continue down hall. Turn hard left at doorway to massage room. Stop between beds. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the bathroom and go into the hall and take a left. Go straight down the this hall and go into the massage room that is the second door on the left. Stop once you are between the two beds. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk between the kitchen island and the brown table to exit the kitchen, turn left, hard right to enter the dining room, exit the dining room to the left of the mirror, wait in the doorway. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn to your left and walk between the kitchen island and the kitchen table, and proceed to walk out of the kitchen past the counter.  Next walk through the dining room to the right of the dining table and keep walking until you are in the foyer.  Stop in front of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk past the dining table  around the kitchen counter island. Walk through the entry into the next dining area with a smaller round table. Walk through the open entry on the other side of the table. Stop in the entryway of the home near the front door. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go past the ladies room down the long hallway, past the elevators, and stop when you reach a door that says staff only on the right. 
PuKPg4mmafe go straight. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk forward veering slightly to the right go past one hall on your right come to a hall on left go slightly past and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom. Walk straight down the hallway past the first door on your right. Continue walking until you reach the second door on your right. Stop and wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right and walk through door, continue straight through hallway and through door frame, and continue in same direction, then stop at the door frame of bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hallway passing by the stairwell and bathroom. Walk through the open door at the end of the hallway. 
EDJbREhghzL With the grass on your right walk forward on the patio and go forward until you are at the bistro table with the metal chairs and stop just at the table with the table on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk straight past the potted plants. Stop by the small table and chairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the garden area and into the other area; keep walking straight until you get to a table that's by the door of the building and some chairs. Wait by the table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Take a right and walk down the stairs. Take another right and wait by the refrigerator. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the stairs into the lounge area. Walk behind the couches and turn right to walk  along the metallic wall and front door towards the bedroom on the other side of the hallway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go down the stairs and take a right. Walk straight and go into the bedroom through the door between the two silver chairs. Stop in the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go past the end of the bed to the door on the left. Enter the hallway, go down the halloway to the far exit.  Stop in the doorway to the living room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom through the door on the left and take a left. Stand in the doorway to the right of the front door that leads to the living room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the bedroom passed the bed and dresser. Walk out of the door into the hallway. Walk towards the open double doors. Turn and walk through the arched  wall into the living room area with a fireplace and burgundy couches. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through the living room passed the couches. Walk past the open entryway. Walk up the stairs ahead to the second level of the home. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through living room. Walk upstairs. Wait at top landing. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go between the couches and out of the doorway.  You'll see a curved staircase.  You should climb the stairs.  When you get to the top, you should stop and wait. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room and turn right. Go down the hall into the kitchen wait in the hallway across the kitchen to the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go through the open door.  Turn to the left so you're facing down the hall.  Go past the kitchen island and through the doorway that's to the left.  Stop in the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go through the doorway and through an archway into the kithccen  Pass the dining room table and stop at the front door facing a tiled hallway with a large paining on the right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk across the bedroom, then into  the hallway on the left. Enter the door on the right in front of the stairs, and stop in the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom a walk through the bedroom to the hallway. Turn right and wait in the room on the first right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go straight past the bed and then turn to the left and go out the door.  When you get to the hallway, go to the stairs and turn right.  You will be ready to enter the den, you'll see a blue couch. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk passed the foot of the bed and towards the open door on the other side of the room. Walk passed the sofa and towards the dining room table. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk past the bed. Go out the door on your right, and then step onto the checkerboard floor and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bedroom through the door on the right wait in the kitchen on the right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk into the bedroom and go out of the room. In the hall walk past the door on the right and stop in the hall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around, go past the bed and tv.  Go on outside of the room, down the hall.  Stop by the door way that is frosted. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the bedroom past the desk and bed. Walk out of the door ahead into the hallway. Stop at the first closed door in the hall that is opposite a cabinet area. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk around the dining room table towards the glass window walls. Walk around the table to the dresser with a digital picture frame on top. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go to the right of the table towards the bookshelf. Go left around the table and continue to the chair at the end of the table next to the balcony. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go right around the table and wait by the black drawer. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bedroom. Walk down the hall and wait by the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk out of the room and into the hallway taking a left down the hallway and a left into the the room and through it and left and stop at the top of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go to the switch
Go to the third painting
Go to the fifth painting
Go to the thermostat. 
vyrNrziPKCB Start in the game room. Walk toward the foosball table. Turn left into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom. Stop at the bathroom door. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and walk to the bedroom door. Turn left again, cross the bedroom, and stop in the bathroom door. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and head towards the table game. Make a left at the door. Head inside the bedroom and walk towards the bathroom. Stop at the entrance of the bathroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk past the houseplant in the yellow pot. Turn right into the first bedroom.  Stop at the edge of the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn right and go towards the planter.  You'll turn right and walk into a bedroom.  Stand next to the bed and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the living room, past the couch. Take a hard right and enter the first room. Wait near the bed. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn around and go into the ballroom/meeting room area.  Turn left and walk to the ballroom.  You should stop right at the entrance where the tables and chairs are. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn around 180 degrees.  Go down the hallwy.  Turn towards the hallway marked ballroom and enter the ballroom.  Then stop two feet into the room. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn and walk down the hall through the open entryway that says "Ballroom, Meeting room." Walk down the hall into the room that says "Ballroom," and stop near the first round table. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the bedroom and go up the stairs then make a left turn and go up the set of stairs. Go in the room at the top of the steps and wait. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk out of the room and go up the stairs. Then turn left and walk up some more stairs and walk into the room. Wait at the entrance of the room. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bedroom, go up the stairs, turn left, go up the first flight of stairs, enter the living room, wait at the black chair on the left side of the red carpet. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk  past the dining table along the granite counter top. Walk through the kitchen past the sink and towards the outdoor patio and stop near the outdoor sofas. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Facing the dining room table take a  left and walk through the kitchen and past the counters and into the living room stopping in the doorway to the patio with the couch behind you. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go through the kitchen and wait in the archway between the two sitting areas. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the room with the mechanical devices. Walk down the hall over the mosaic tile and through the first open door to left that has the two massage beds inside. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room, enter the first door on the left.  Wait at the end of the massage tables. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk forward past the table.  Take a right then walk through the doorway.  Continue forward, then go in the first room on the left.  Stop at the end of the massage table. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk toward the stairs. Turn right at the door just before the stairs. Stop and wait by the bathroom sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk straight down the hallway past some pictures on the right wall.  Keep going straight through a doorway.  
 When you get to the first door on your right go into the bathroom and keep walking until the toilet is on your right and the sink is on your left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY FACING A HALLWAY WITH BLACK FRAMED PICTURES ON THE RIGHT SIDE WALL, WALK FORWARD UNTIL YOU REACH A SET OF STAIRS, TURN RIGHT AT THE STAIRS AND ENTER THE DOOR , WALK FORWARD DOWN THE SHORT HALL AND INTO THE BATHROOM. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk down hallway to right. Walk past hanging tapestry. Wait at next open door on the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the hallway passed the windows to outside. Walk down the hall passed the paintings. Walk towards the door at the end of the hallway and go through the door on the left side. Walk passed the floor rug and armchair and into the bedroom area. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk straight down the hallway, make a sharp left, then turn right into the bedroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards the large bookshelf.  Turn right into the first doorway before the bookshelf.  Walk down the hallway to the sculpture and stop in front of the sculpture. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go straight until you get to the leather chair.  Turn right.  Go through a doorway, towards the end of the hall.  Then there will be a wooden and glass doorway, that's where you need to turn left and then wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk forward, turn 90 degrees to the left, go down the hall just to the right of the bookcase.  Go through the second doorway on the left (with the double doors) and stop in the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT WALK OUT OF THE OPEN DOOR AND INTO THE HALLWAY, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT AND WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY TOWARDS THE KITCHEN, WALK THOUGH THE KITCHEN UNTIL YOU GET TO THE FAR WALL AND AN OPEN DOOR LEADING TO THE BUTLERS PANTRY, WALK INTO THE PANTRY TOWARDS THE SINK. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go out the door and turn left.  Go down the hallway and into the kitchen.  Go through the hallway to the mini kitchen and stop before you get to the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room, go down the hallway past the kitchen. Wait inside the kitchenette. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn to the left.  Go straight, through the door, up the stairs.  When you get upstairs, go straight to the door.  This leads you to the outside.  Go just to the doorway and then stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go through the door that leads to the stairs, go up the staircase, turn right to enter the outdoor area, and wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk toward the room with brown wooded furniture. Enter the room. Inside the room turn left and walk up the stairs exiting outside the house and wait by the entrance. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk down the steps into the room. Walk to the left of the piano.  Turn left before you reach the lamp. Walk past the stairs, and stop at the entrance to the kitchen. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn slight left and go around the corner in front of you. Follow the hallway around and to the right, and stop in the kitchen. 
82sE5b5pLXE With the piano on your right walk forward into the living room and take a left into the hall that leads into the kitchen and take a right into the kitchen stopping at the end of the counter closest to you. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn to your right and walk towards white armchair to the right of the white coffee table. Continue to move forward around the left side of the dining table until you reach the entrance to the kitchen. Stop at the kitchen's doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past swing. Walk past tray of fruit. Wait in threshold of kitchen door. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the table and the swing. Walk past the white and wooden chairs. Walk to the left of the table and chairs. Walk past the counter and turn left into the kitchen area. Stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and go up the stairs. Then turn left, and walk through the room, then turn right and stop in the hallway in front  of the restroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn and walk up the stairs passed the welcome sign. Walk passed the armchairs towards the fireplace. Walk through the doorway near the armchairs and into the hallway with the wooden banisters. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk up the stairs to your right. Turn right, then turn left at the fireplace. Wait by the curio cabinet. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight into the bedroom.  Turn to the right at the bathroom door.  You'll stop when you get to the rug.  Wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the room and into the open door near the cabinet. Walk into the room which is a bedroom. Walk through the door on the other side into the bathroom area. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go into the hallway and enter the room straight across. Wait in the en suite bathroom to the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the open doors towards the glass back house door. Turn left and walk down the hallway passed the paintings. Walk around the corner to the left through the open door into the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the doorway and turn left.  Walk down the hallway.  Turn to the left and you'll see a bedroom.  Walk just to the doorway and then wait. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go forward through the doorway.  Turn left and go down the hall.  Take the second left and go into the bedroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Facing the chairs walk forward through the aisle in between the white chair and go right behind the chairs on the right and take a left heading into the reception room off the hallway stopping just inside the doorway in the reception room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past folding chairs to building. Walk behind black bench. Wait at threshold of open french doors. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and walk past the chairs. Go around the wooden building to the right, and stop in the the doorway to the glass section. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn to the right.  Go outdoors.  Turn left and then you'll go to the edge of the entrance to the kitchen and living room.  Wait just outside of the doorway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the patio doors and move left, stopping at the entrance of the next set of doors, in front of the white armchair. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn to your right and go through the door that leads outside on the deck. Walk towards the hot tub and turn left before the hot tub and walk on the deck past the grill on the right and walk through the door back into the house. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk along the hallway out through the open door. Walk towards the barber chair. Turn and walk towards the room with lounge beds and a glass shelf. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom and move immediately to the right, stopping in the doorway of the room to the right. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight out through the locker room to the door. Walk into the hall and make a right and another right into the doorway of the room next door. 
5q7pvUzZiYa TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND GO PAST THE DESK, OUT THE DOOR.  WALK STRAIGHT DOWN THE HALL,PAST A BENCH ON THE LEFT,  AND STOP IN THE DOORWAY BEFORE YOU COME TO SOME STAIRS THAT GO UP. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn to your right and exit the room. Once in the hallway, walk to the open door on the other side. Once at the door, walk through. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the office through the door straight ahead. Wait on the other side of the doorway in front of you. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bathroom and walk straight past the washer and dryer. Take a hard left in the living room and walk outside to the porch. Wait by the doormat. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk passed the shower and into the room with washing machines. Walk through the door on the other side of the room. Walk through the open door that leads outside and stop near the doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go to the end of the first rug
Get on the second rug
Go to the end of the second rug
Go to the door
Go to the end of the mat. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight with the door on your left. Walk through the doorway and pass the round counters and take a right into the room on the right and stop just inside the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hall through the double doors and wait in the doorway to the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Move down the hall toward the purple sign on the ground. Go through the door. Continue straight and stop in the first doorway on your right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk across the bridge and wait to the right on the second step of the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Cross the walkway and go tot he top of the stairs.  Walk down the first three stairs and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd WALK TOWARDS THE BASKETBALL HOLDER AND TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT, WALK TO THE END OF THE BRIDGE WALKWAY AND TURN RIGHT, WALK TO THE TOP OF THE STAIRS. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk towards the end of the table and turn right when you get to the end of the table. Walk to the room with the couch then turn right. Wait behind the middle of the couch. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go towards the windows and then turn right and walk past the table, the fireplace, and to the couch.  You'll turn right and stand behind the couch and wait. 
5q7pvUzZiYa With the counter on your left. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Facing the door take a right and go down the hallway going past the first door on your right and take a right into the hallway stopping behind the first big brown leather chair. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk straight ahead, through the hallway.  Turn right and you will see a leather chair.  Walk just to the back of that leather chair and then stop and wait. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight  and till the wall to your right ends then take a hard right and stop right behind the couch. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk from the sitting room and make a left at the first entryway. Walk past the room with the stairway and through the doorway across the hall. Wait in that doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk through the living room past the coffee table and couches.Walk through the entry way after the couches and down the hall. Walk into the room at the end of the hall with a wrap around couch with open doors to the outside. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go past the sofa and turn left before you get to the bench, and wait at the door way of the room that has a large sectional and a round mirror. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A WALK FORWARD THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR, CONTINUE FORWARD AND ENTER THE OPEN DOOR ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE, WALK INTO THE ROOM WITH A MEDICAL TABLE. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go past the telephone and out the door.  Go straight but take the right door.  Then enter the room and stop before you get to the water table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk passed the massage tables and through the open door near the foot of the tables and into the hall. Walk through the open door to the right into the room with the tanning machine. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and walk into the bedroom area with side table and lamp. Turn and walk through the door into the hallway leading to the office area. Walk through the office and out the door into the long hallway with paintings. 
ac26ZMwG7aT turn back, straight head , turn at left door then exit the room stand outside the next room door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the kitchen and enter the bed room. When you enter the bedroom take an immediate right. enter the study and take another immediate right  and stand in the hallway looking forward down the corridor. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go out the saloon style doors and through the area with the exercise bike onto the next room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk out of the bedroom and turn left walk straight pass the stairs to the next doorway and wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the chair and then to the doorway. Go through the doorway and take a left into the green room. Go straight through the green room and then go straight to to the other side. Enter the red room. You have arrived. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bedroom into the main house, make a hard right at the chair outside and move towards the largest rock behind the shrub, then wait. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn slightly right to face the windows and walk forward a few feet towards them. Turn left towards the bedroom area. Keeping the windows to your right walk forward through the bedroom toward the large frosted glass doors. Walk through those doors and continue past the elevator towards the entrance way. Right past the elevator area and before you pass the large entry doors turn left. Move forwards away from the large entry doors and towards the small back exit door that leads outside. There is a red metal sculpture right outside that you should be walking towards . Proceed outside a short distance past the red sculpture and almost until the slate walkway narrows There are two large boulders to the right, off the path. Walk on the dirt and onto the boulder that is closest to the structure you just left. Stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Take a slight right and walk through the bedroom.  Exit the bedroom and walk forward until you see a corridor to the left with a red sculpture at the end of it.  Walk to the red sculpture.  Take a slight right off of the walkway and walk to the first tree closest to the walkway with two large boulders.  Stand between the tree and the two boulders next to the one with the blackened area on it. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 turn right, past the white char on the right, keep straight until you reach a glass door on the left, enter the door. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk straight past the living and dining area and stand in front of the glass door that goes into the wine room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk parallel to the stairs.  Turn left at the painting of the face. Stop in the entrance of the room with the wine bottles. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around, go past the table and chairs.  Go into the main part of the house and veer to the left in the dining room.  Go through a doorway and into a hallway.  You must stop when you get to the bedroom door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through piano room. Walk through dinning room. Walk through open door to right of wall art. Walk into bedroom. Wait at side of bed. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the library room passed the table and out the arched entry way on the other side of the table.. Walk passed the dining table area and through to the hallway near the mounted brass art. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the hallway passing the bathroom and picture with worded text. Continue through the open door straight ahead. Continue down the hall and into the bedroom at the end with couches and arm chairs around a fireplace. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk straight down the hallway and wait in the bedroom at the end. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the hallway past the mirror on the right and into the living room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight past the computer desk and into the hallway.  Turn to the right and down the hallway until you get into the room.  You'll see big windows and one chair.  Stop right there and wait. 
B6ByNegPMKs With the door on your left walk out into the hallway and take a right walking town the hall and into the room at the end of the hall stopping just past the door in the room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the office through the wooden door. Turn in the hallway to the right and follow into the room straight ahead with the open door. Walk into that room which is empty except for two office chairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk passed the foot of the bed and out of the bedroom. Walk up the flight of stairs in the living room area to the top. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the chair and fireplace.  Turn left and go up the stairs.  Don't go all the way up the stairs.  Stop at the 3rd stair from the top of the flight.  Stay there and wait. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past stone fireplace with tv on top. Walk up stairs. Wait on the 3rd step from the top. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk left and enter through the door past the chair on your right.  Take a few steps forward and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE A DOOR WAY WITH STAIRS ON THE LEFT AND A BAR TOP ON THE RIGHT, WALK FORWARD INTO THE DOORWAY, WALK FORWARD INTO THE MIDDLE OF A HALLWAY FILLED WITH OPEN DOORS. 
r47D5H71a5s With the elevator on your left, walk forward and into the hallway through the doorway ahead. In the hallway take a right and enter the salon stopping once you enter the room with the light switch on your left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk into great room. Walk past dining table and chairs. Walk past bar. Walk through open french doors. Wait outside doors. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Enter the dining area, and then move forward to the backyard, and wait by the door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out of the sitting room and go forward into the dining hall. In the dining hall go around the table to the right and walk straight out of the doors. Once you walk out of the doors onto the patio stop parallel to the wooden bench on your left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit through the door, immediately turn to your left, and move down the hallway. Once you've moved past the paintings in the hallway, turn and move through the doorway to your right. Enter the bathroom to your right and stop in front of the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the hallway with the long red runner and into the bedroom that is right before the staircase and you will find a bathroom that has a pot of roses on the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the kitchenette, then the bedroom through the doors on the left. Go down the hall to the bedroom on the right. Wait in the en suite bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs and wait in the hallway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go up the stairs, then follow the hallway to the intersection and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs by the first doorway on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go to the end of the walkway and wait at the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight with the blue chairs on your left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and go down the hallway.  You'll go to just the top of the stairs and then you should stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Move up the first set of stairs and turn left. Move down the hallway to the first chair on the left. Turn 45 degrees to the right and move up the set of stairs. Move forward past the round table and into the entry way. Stop at the large countertop with cabinets. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk up three stairs and turn left. Veer right and walk up three more stairs. Walk to your left toward the dining area. Walk around the dining table into the kitchen and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk up the steps and turn left. Go up the second set of steps on the right to the dining area. Walk through the dining area and wait in the kitchen. 
uNb9QFRL6hY TURN AROUND AND GO OUT THE DOUBLE DOORS UP THE STAIRS.  GO DOWN THE HALL TO THE DOOR ON THE RIGHT PAST THE PICTURE ON THE WALL. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the room through the open door.  Turn right and go up the steps.  Walk down the hall and take the first right.  Stop in the doorway. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit through the double doors and take the steps on the right. Go down the hallway and wait in the bathroom doorway on the right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the open door That leads outside. Turn the corner into the room with padded lounge chairs. Turn and walk up the stairs and into the room at the top with the red lounge seats. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around, go past the chair, turn left again and go to the staircase.  Go up the stairs and then turn right until you are near a red chair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the front entrance and turn left into the sitting area. Go up the first set of steps and wait in the bedroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the bedroom around the bed. Walk out of the door into the hallway that has a painting of a large abstract face. Walk towards the closet area in the hallway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk around the bed and reach the corner of the room. Then wait at the entrance to the closet. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk past the bed towards the television and take a right to leave he room but take a right instead into the closet and stop in front of the large painting. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hallway to the left past the paintings.  Go straight until you reach the bathroom.  Stop at the entrance to the room containing the bath tub and toilet. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Back out of the room slightly and turn to the right to walk down the hall. Continue to walk straight past the stairs and straight ahead into the bathroom. Walk through the room with the sink and into the room with the tub. Stop on the small black bath mat. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom and take a left. walk down the hall and into the bathroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the room with the toilet. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the sink on the right and into the living room straight ahead. In the living room take a left through the door into the hallway and go straight. In the hall keep going straight and stop with the buffet on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the room and exit through the double doors on the left. Wait in the room across the hall next to the cheetah painting. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and walk across the room, through the double doors on the left. Walk across the hallway into the other hallway, and stop in front of the houseplant. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight down the hallway, then turn around and enter the left hand door. Stop once you get inside. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk down the hallway into the recreation room and walk down the corridor towards the large wood and metal door and turn left to enter the theater on the other side of the large door and stop in front of the light switch. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Move forward until you have the door on your left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the storage area, then turn left and move through the bedroom into the hallway. Make a sharp left and move three steps down the stairway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the closet through the door and turn left where you see a dresser. follow the dresser the framed photographs which lead to the door. At the second door where you will again turn left to enter a hallway. Follow the hallway until you reach the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the closet and the bedroom. In the hall take a left and take a left to go down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair down from the top. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the bathroom and go out of the door on the right walk straight towards the window. Go down the first flight of stairs on the left and wait on the landing. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk straight and head down the stairs on the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs near the window. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around until you are facing the theater room, about 180 degrees, then head straight until you reach a door on the right. Go through the door, turn left, and go straight until you see stairs on your left. Go down the first flight of stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk forward with the white door on your right and take a right into the hallway passing the living room. Go through the doorway at the end of the walkway into the library and stop with the third bookcase on your left. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn right walk straight past the potted plant and through the doorway stop by the bookcase and the first wall light. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through interior french doors. Walk past living room.Walk into library. Wait at radiator. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn left to exit the room through the double wooden doors.  Take a left and go down the steps.  Take the first left at the bottom of the stairs to go into the bedroom.  Walk up to the sink and stand in front of it. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Take the staircase with the two Chinese lions on each side and take the first door on the left; there is a bedroom with a washroom in it. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk past the coffee table and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk down the stairs and turn left at the double doors. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk in front of the sink and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the bedroom and turn right. Walk past the first room on your right and past the stairs on your left. Turn left into the living area and stop by the piano. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall way and take a left into the living room. Stop between the gray chaise lounger, and the white chair with ottoman. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk through the open door. Make a right turn when you see the arm chair. Walk down the hall. Make a left at the large open living room and stand between the lounge chair and the piano. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past the kitchen and through the doorway on the left. Wait in the outdoor kitchen bar area. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn to the left, walk past the rug, and on through the kitchen.  Turn left and you'll be in an indoor/outdoor kitchen.  Stop just before you get to the stove.  Wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk past the dining area. Take a left through the door, and stop in front of the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk into the bedroom and towards the bed taking a right and walking pass the dresser and take a right into the doorway and right out into the hallway over the star tile in the middle of the floor and stop in the doorway inside the living room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk into the bedroom area passed the table with the sculpture of the hand and then out of the room into the hallway. Walk passed the small curio cabinet. Walk into the room around the corner passed the plants in a vase. Pass by the bar counter and sink in the room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn to the left and go past the bed.  Turn to the right and then quickly to the left.  You'll go through the doorway and across the hall.  Then you will enter the living room and stop and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk through the gym into the living room. Turn left and walk down the hallway to the left of the plant.  Turn left at the staircase.  Walk up to the second stair and stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk forward into the exercise room, and take a right into the living room. In the living room take a left and walk past the rear of the couch. Keep walking past the living room and take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the second stair. 
vyrNrziPKCB Head slightly right and exit the exercise room. Turn right and walk into the living room. Turn left and walk around the couch and into the hallway. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk into the room with the arched wall. Walk out through the door and into the hallway. Walk towards the wooden banister railing near the stariway. 
29hnd4uzFmX walk out of the closet and into the the bedroom taking a right out into the hallway and stopping at the railing overlooking the living room below. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk toward the bed. Turn right and walk out the door. Turn left and stop by the rail. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk down the hall, past the weird prayer thing. Turn left at the wall, then right at the next wall. Enter the bedroom, and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A TURN RIGHT SO THAT YOU ARE FACING A HALLWAY WITH A DINNING TABLE TO THE RIGHT, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY AND TURN LEFT. WALK TO THE FIRST ROOM ON THE RIGHT, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM AN ORANGE STRIP ON THE WALLS. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the hallway passed the shelf with a written sign in a frame. Walk into the room at the end and turn the corner to walk towards the bedrooms. Walk into the bedroom with boys bed and ceiling fan. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk by the top of the stairs.  Turn left at the end of the hallway.  Go into the bedroom and stop before you get to the nightstand with the lamp on it. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go to the railing
Go to the first painting
Go to the mirror
Go to the second painting
Go left to the doorway
Go to the phone. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit bedroom, turn left, walk through balcony and stairs till the wall, turn left at wall, enter the master bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM walk outside of the bathroom and turn right. Head towards the end of the bedroom and make your way to the door. The destination will be outside the door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Facing the door walk out of the door and into the bedroom taking a right past the dresser and take a right out into the hallway stopping in the hallway doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bathroom doorway.  walk into the bedroom and then go past the dresser and out the door.  Stop in the hallway and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right and go into the hallway.  When you get to the next hallway, you could go left or right, you will stop there and wait in front of the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through the open door towards the glass walled office rooms. Turn right and walk down the hall towards the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight ahead, and take a right at the intersection. Walk forward to the next intersection, and stop in front of the exit sign. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk through the living room past the kitchen to the second step on the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk between the two couches. Walk to the bottom of the stairs.  Walk up two stairs and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Go to the footstool
Go on the rug
Go between the tables
Go on the second stair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Move forward to the wall adjacent to the doorway.  Turn to face the doorway.  Move through the door way toward the stairs.  Keep moving until you are on the second step of the stairs and then stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forward towards the door and take a right to go into the hallway. In the hallway go straight and go up the stairs stopping on the second stair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right and exit the kitchen. Walk toward the stairs and start to walk up them. Stop on the second step of the stairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk along the front porch past the rocking chairs and into the front door of the home. Continue inside and walk around the corner near before reaching the couch. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn right and go past the rocking chairs.  Turn right again and into the house.  Turn right and go down the hallway.  Turn to the left and wait just at the doorway.  There will be a bedroom in front of you. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk right by the rocking chairs and go inside.  Turn right.  Stand in the bedroom doorway by the washing machine. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk forward pas the radiator on your left and behind the chair on your right. Walk through the doorway and into the dining room. Walk past the table and walk through the hallway with the orange walls on the right of the dining room. Stop in the hallway next to the light switch. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk through the living room passed the arm chairs and television. Walk through the door on the other side of the room that opens into the dining room. Walk passed the table and stairs into the hallway that leads to a bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the heater and through the doorway. Go right past the dining room table and chairs. Walk past the pot into the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
VVfe2KiqLaN With the sink on your right walk forward. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk straight to the staircase and wait at the top of the stairs. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk along the outside patio passed the fountain and bench. Walk around the wall towards the wooden slat fence. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the bathroom and take a right, then a left and enter the reception area. Walk in the direction of the elevators and stop before you reach them. You should be next to the plant at by the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn and walk through the door with the red plaque. Take an immediate right and walk through the open door. Walk towards the staircase and stop near the counter top. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room to the right and enter the room across the hall. Walk past the staircase and stop before reaching the counter. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around 180 degrees and go down the hallway.  Take the first doorway on the right and walk into the bathroom. Stop just inside the door. 
82sE5b5pLXE With the cabinets on your left, move down the corridor towards the stairs. Before you reach the stairs, turn right and enter the bathroom, stopping next to the shower. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and walk down the hallway until you see an opening on your right. Enter the door on your right, and stop in the bathroom door ahead of you. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk forward into the house and down the hallway. In the living room take a right and walk into the dining room. Stop behind the bench next to the mirror. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPENING LOOKING AT A LIVING ROOM WITH A LIGHT SWITCH ON THE RIGHT, WALK INTO THE LIVING ROOM AND TURN RIGHT, WALK BEHIND THE COUCH PAST A ROUND TABLE, CONTINUING FORWARD WALK TO THE DINNING TABLE NEAR A BUILT IN BAR SHELF ON THE RIGHT. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk into the living room and turn right.  Walk towards the dining table.  Stop between the table and the large mirror on the right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Facing the wall and the double doors take a right and walk next to the wall then hang a slight right to walk in front of the long serving table covered in a white table cloth and stop next to the dining chair that sits to the right of the bar counter. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk along the wall to the left of the tables.  Keep walking until you reach the bar.  Stop directly in front of the bar. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the dining area passed the round table and then passed the long dining table. Continue to the bar area stopping near the counter. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk all the way straight passing the white big chair, and stop near the small table with two chairs on its sides. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk along the balcony with the railing on your left. Walk past the bistro table on the left and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING A BALCONY WALKWAY WITH THE HOUSE TO THE RIGHT, WALK DOWN THE BALCONY PATH PAST A WHITE WING-BACKED CHAIR AND SEVERAL POTTED  PLANTS,  STOP AT A SMALL BLACK TABLE WITH 2 METAL CHAIRS. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Follow the blue dots, then continue to the red dot and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the bedroom towards the desk and exit the room into the hallway. Walk down the hall and through the arched entryway. Turn the corner and walk towards the ceiling lamp at the end of the hall. Stop near the front door and dining table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room through the rightmost doorway. Turn left and then immediately right walk towards the house entrance. Wait by the carpet. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go past the guitar and turn right through the doorway, left through the arch way, and stop when you get to the dining room on the left. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk up the stairs and take a right at the landing at the top of the stairs and turn right into the den on the right side and stop in the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs, and take a right. Walk down to the door, and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs turn right.  Stand in the doorway to the right. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go forward so that you line up with the pool. Towards the middle of the pool turn right to be between two chairs. Continue forward until you reach the stairs. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 With the pool on your left walk straight and go through the tan and green patio chairs towards the stairs out of the patio stopping before you hit the mosaic at the bottom of the stairs. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk straight past the first two lounge chairs, then turn right. Wait by the steps. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go to the left.  Go down a hallway and then stop when you come to two bedroom doors. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward down the hallway with the stairs on your left. Keep going straight in the hallway past the two rooms. At the end of the room take a right and stop just past the doorway in the bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE THE HALLWAY WITH A BUILT IN BOOKCASE, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU REACH THE END OF THE HALLWAY AND THE OPEN BEDROOM DOOR ON THE RIGHT SIDE. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Head out the door.  Take a right. Go around the banisters and stop once ahead of them. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk around the bed in the room out through the door on the other side of the room. Walk down the hallway around the banister and stop at the first open door to a bedroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Get off of the bed and walk through the door into the hallway. Walk into the curved hallway and make a left at the first open door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom and move to the right, past the stairs, and into the bedroom on the left. Stop just inside the room, in between the two dressers. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn and walk through the bedroom passed the couch and desk. Walk into the hallway and continue past the stair well and into the bedroom on the other side, which has two armchairs near the glass doors. Stop near the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk to the door.  Go out of the doorway, past the stairs and into the bedroom.  Stop just before you get to the bed. 
ac26ZMwG7aT You'll go straight, through a work out area.  When you get to the bedroom, youl'll turn right.  Go a few more steps and then turn right. You will be in a big hallway.  Stop and wait. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the closet area and into the gym room. Walk passed the gym equipment and through the open door ahead.  Walk passed the bed in the bedroom and into the office area. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit closet and go straight down hallway past bathroom and weight machines. Continue straight towards bedroom and once in bedroom take an immediate right. Enter office and go left past the desk and towards the double doors. Go through the doorway and wait by wall art of deer. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk pass the bed and between the bed and dresser going straight pass the closet on the left and out into the hallway going straight and taking a left to go down the stairs stopping on the second stair from the top. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn to the left, go around the bed, and then out the door and past the exercise bike.  You'll stop at the top of the staircase.  Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go around the bed to the open doorway. Exit the bedroom and stop at the top of the stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk across the patio into the bedroom. Wait next to the seating area in the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk towards the house and into the bedroom off the balcony and stop just on the inside of the door way. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Move between the two covered chairs and towards the house. Proceed ahead through the open patio doors that lead inside. As soon as you enter the house and are facing the black and white rug stop. You should be just inside the doorway (before you get to the rug). 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom.  Walk through the bedroom and take a right turn.  Enter the first door at your left and stop inside the room with the starfish and seashell decorations. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave bathroom and enter bedroom, go straight and exit bedroom, in the hall take first door to the right and enter sitting room. Stand next to the tv. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom into the hallway. In the hallway take your first right into the television room. Stop next to the door in the television room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit bathroom and go into the bedroom. Turn left and exit through door on the left towards the hallway. Once in kitchen, turn right and wait by the door next to the kitchen table. 
8WUmhLawc2A With the bed in front of you go straight into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a right and go towards the TV taking a left out of the room. In the hallway outside of the room go straight down the hall into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a right and walk between the window on your right, and the table on your left into the living room. In the living room stop with the patio door on your right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn and walk away from the bathroom into the bedroom area. Walk through the open door on the other side of the room and into the dining room area at the end of the hallway. Stop near the couches in the next room passed the kitchen. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn left, and go past the couch, when you get past the couch, go on to the right and go through the hallway.  Continue through there to the stairs.  You'll need to wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk along the backside of the couch in the living room. Walk into the arched entry way that leads to a white tiled hall. Walk down the hall to the first door. Walk through the door and towards the stairwell going down. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk to the end of the couch and when you reach the tree take a slight right. Walk down that hall to the door on your left and enter there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left at fridge. Walk down hallway. Turn right at second skylight. Walk into bedroom. Wait at bookshelf. 
ac26ZMwG7aT TURN TO THE LEFT SO THE KITCHEN ISLAND IS ON THE RIGHT AND A REFRIGERATOR  IS ON THE LEFT WITH CABINET PANTRY IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD TO THE CABINET PANTRY, TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE A HALLWAY WITH A SLIDING GLASS DOOR LOOKING ONTO A PATIO IS ON THE LEFT, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU COME TO ANOTHER SET OF SLIDING GLASS DOORS ON THE LEFT WITH A RECESSED DOOR ON THE RIGHT, TURN TURN TO THE DOOR AND WALK THOUGH IT, WALK THOUGH THE ROOM UNTIL YOU COME TO A BOOKCASE. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk forward with the refrigerator on your left. Take a left and go into the hallway. Go straight and take the third right into a bedroom. Stop in front of the bookcase. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and walk towards the staircase near the arm chairs. Walk passed the staircase and continue through the room to the kitchen area. Walk towards the fireplace and near the backside of the counter top. 
aayBHfsNo7d TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING A PAINTING OF A HORSE WITH A HALLWAY AND STAIRCASE ON THE RIGHT, WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRCASE, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT SO THE STAIRS IS ON YOUR RIGHT WITH A DINNING TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU AND A PAINTING TO THE LEFT, WALK DOWN THOUGH THE DINING ROOM TO THE END OF THE DINNING TABLE, WALK INTO THE NEXT ROOM SO THERE IS A KITCHEN ON THE LEFT AND CHAIRS AND COUCH TO THE RIGHT. 
aayBHfsNo7d turn back and walk straight and near char. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out of the closet and through the room into the hallway. Walk along the banister to the first doorway on the left, which has armchairs and a table inside. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk forwards out of the hallway past the shelves on your right. In the hallway walk straight through the hall onto the landing overlooking the first floor. Take a left into the first room on your left on the landing into the television room, and top in the doorway on the inside of the room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go to the door
Go to the  thermostat
Go to the  light switch
Go to the  couch. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the room behind the couch and out through the door in the corner. Walk down the hallway and into the room with the sink and counter top. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go straight, past the couch till you are at the double doors. That's when you turn right.  Go through the hallwayand turn to the left.  Go into that room, it's a little bar.  Stop there and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight to the edge of the open door. Walk through the open door. Make a left at the open door frame. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Make a right at the hallway at the top of the stairs and go straight down the hallway. At the end of the hall make a left and go down that small hall. Go into the bedroom straight ahead and wait on the couch by the bed. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go to the left and head down the hall past the Christmas tree.  Turn left and go into the Garden room.  You'll go till you get to the setee.  Then you need to wait. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk out of the glass door nearest to you. . Walk through the hall past the hanging tapestry. Walk along the hall over the floor rug. Turn the corner and walk into the bedroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go down the brick walkway towards the brick stairs.  Go into the large room on the left, before you get to the stairs.Wait. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk passed the open double doors. Walk along the patio passing the woven lounge chairs. Walk into the open double doors on the other side of the lounge chairs and into the home. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight along the path past the table and chairs and turn left and enter on the first open doors you see. 
sT4fr6TAbpF FACING A ROOM WITH A TABLE TO THE RIGHT AND A CABINET TO THE LEFT WALK TOWARDS A GLASS WALL BEHIND A LATTICE ROOM DIVIDER, FACING THE GLASS DOOR WALL AND A TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT AND WALK INTO THE KITCHEN. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Move straight past the wooden room divider, then make a sharp right into the doorway of the kitchen. Wait in the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the table and around the screen to the back door then turn left. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bathroom, then the bedroom and turn right. Go across the landing and through the archway. Turn sharp right and wait in the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk into the bedroom and around the foot of the bed. Walk through the door on the other side of the bed and into the hallway. Walk along the banister passed the stairs. Walk into the bedroom with two night stands on either side of the bed near, passing a bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Move around the bed through the entryway between the dressers. Make a right and continue past the stairs. Facing the bathroom, move right and stop just inside the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the staircase.  Keep walking straight towards the open door.  Stop to the right of the large block of wood. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight past the stairs and stop in front of the set of windows on the left by the sitting area. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward out of the dining room past the table on the left. Walk through the living room. Stop in front of the door, but parallel with the table o the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go up the stairs. Take a right and stop in the door past the exercise bike. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk up the stairs and take a left and go up the next set of stairs. On the landing take a right and and stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk up the stairs and go to the door on your right. Wait at the entrance to the bedroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk into the saloon door. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ FACING A PAINTING ON A GREEN WALL TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL A STAIRCASE IS IN FRONT OF YOU AND A DOOR ON THE RIGHT, WALK TOWARDS THE DOOR ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE STAIRCASE, FACING SWINGING DOORS AND A BOOKCASE TO THE LEFT WALK THOUGH THE SWINGING DOORS, FACING THREE DOORS WALK INTO THE DOOR ON THE LEFT SIDE SO THAT YOU ARE IN A BEDROOM. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk towards the stairs and then walk to your right and go through the double swinging doors.  Make a left and stand in front of the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward towards the couch, and between the couch and the chair. Take a left at the counter and walk to the end of the room and take a left in the hallway. Enter the room and stop on the inside of the room past the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go between the chair and coffee table.
Go around the couch by the end table.
Go between the table and island.
Turn left after passing the table and go into the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk to the kitchen, towards the refrigerator. Turn left past the table. Walk down the hall and stop just inside the room. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk through door and then turn right. walk down hallway. turn right at exit sign. walk down hallway and go through the third door on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go through the doorway, and into the hallway.  Turn right and walk down the hallway.  When you get to the next available place, turn right.  Go down the hall a little more and stop when you see a wooden door with 2 small desks in the room.  Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through the open doors into the hallway with glass partition walls. Turn right down the hall and towards the exit sign. Turn right at the exit sign and continue down the hall to the first room with small desks and office chairs inside. 
vyrNrziPKCB go straight wait near dinning table then turn right then go straight near fridge turn left next left laundry room is goal. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight ahead. Veer right at the table and walk toward the kitchen area. Walk past the kitchen island and turn left at the refrigerator. Turn left at the laundry room then stop and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go toward the dining table and take a right through the kitchen. Go left through the doorway by the microwave. Turn left toward the laundry room and stand in the doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk across kitchen towards stove. Turn hard left at the edge of the counter. walk towards table and chairs and stop before them. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Facing the sink walk forward between the counter on your let and the island counter on your right and take a  eft past the end of the counter into the dining room and walk towards the dining room table stopping next to the second pillar on your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight, then turn left and exit the kitchen. Walk toward the dining table and chairs. Stop and wait by the chairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go to top of the stairs, turn right, move towards the living room, stop behind the right side of the couch. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk to the top of the stairs and turn right.  Turn right and walk towards the couch.  Turn right and walk towards the large painting that's leaning against the wall.  Stop when you reach the rear corner of the couch. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs and take a right into the main room going straight into the living room and stopping behind the couch on the right side near the door. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Continue up stairs and wait at the top, once you reach wooden floor. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight up the stairway and keep going and stop on the top of the stairs on the landing in the hallway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk towards the kitchen and turn left into the dining room. Continue through the dining area and turn right into the living room. Walk through the living room toward the fireplace and make a slight right into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk into the kitchen and take the first right into the dining room. Walk to the end of the room and take your first right into the sitting room. In the sitting room. In the sitting room take a right into the bathroom, stop in front of the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn right walk across the dining table area room. Turn right and walk towards the blue chair. Turn right again and enter the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Take a right walk straight through the bedroom and stand in the bathroom doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk inside. Turn right. Walk past the bed. Stop at the door to the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past television. Walk past bed. Wait at floor lamp. 
SN83YJsR3w2 TURN RIGHT TO FACE THE COUCH, WALK TO THE COUCH AND TURN LEFT. WALK TOWARD THE FIREPLACE, TURN LEFT AND WALK THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR, WALK FORWARD TO THE BENCH AND THE MIRROR. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the bedroom passed the bed and fireplace and out through the door nearest the bed. Walk into the hallway and stop near the circular mirror. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Navigate around the bed through the door to the left side of the fireplace and stop just past the doorway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk out of the room with the piano and into the living room. Wait just outside the doorway and behind the couch. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom With the couch on your left walk straight into the living room and hang a left towards the piano and walk through the doorway into the sitting room and stop just inside the doorway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight past the chair and piano, and then stand behind the couch.  Wait there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight through the open door. Make a left. Walk down the hall. Make a left at the second open door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward through the open door ahead, turn left 90 degrees.  Take the second open door on the left and move into the bedroom.  Stop in the doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d walk towards the door passing the painting on the left hand side of the wall. Turn left  down the hallway passing the laundry room on your left and keep going down the hallway and make a left into the first room on your left hand side. you just arrived into the  bedroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk passed the pictures of sunsets hanging on the wall down the hallway. Turn the corner near the small figurine and walk through the open door near the stairwell. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk down the hallway. Follow it until you see stairs, then walk into the door past the stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom With the counter on your right go straight down the hall and pass the room on your left take a right down the hall and go straight past the stairs on your right and walk into the entry way and stop once you enter the entry way before you reach the table. 
VzqfbhrpDEA TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT SO THAT A BALCONY RAILING IS ON THE RIGHT AND AN OPEN DOOR BOTH TO THE LEFT AND IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD THOUGH THE DOOR STRIGHT AHEAD, FACING A SHORT HALLWAY WITH A DOOR TO BOTH THE RIGHT AND LEFT AND A DOOR FORWARD TURN TO THE LEFT HAND DOOR AND WALK INTO THE ENTRANCE WAY. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go inside through the door that is perpendicular to the guardrail. Then turn left stop next to the thermostat on the wall. 
VzqfbhrpDEA From the balcony looking at the grass take a left and walk down the corridor and enter the hallway at the end of the corridor and take a left and stop just inside the bathroom in front of the paper towel. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk through the hall and into the bedroom with purple pillows on the bed. Walk through the bedroom and out of the door on the open other side of the room. Walk down the hall past the metallic wall. Turn to walk up the first few stairs of the stairwell. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the windows and then turn right. Go around the bed and walk through the door past the main entrance. Keep walking until you see a steps to your left. Take two steps and wait on the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the large window and turn left.  Walk across the room and past the elevator.  Walk to the stairs.  Stop on the second stair. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the buffet table on the right. Make a right opposite the fireplace. Wait at the bench. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right and walk towards the staircase, turn right in front of the fire place and walk down the hallway.  Wait near the brown bench. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o With the round table on your right and the serving table in the white table cloth on your left walk forward pass the coat room and the stair on your right and take a right into the hall way stopping in front of the black leather bench. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk beside the pool, in the space between the pool and the lounge chairs. At the last lounge chair, turn left. Stop by the steps. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn to the left, and walk alongside the pool.  When you get to the last cabana, turn left, and left again and walk towards the concrete stairs.  Wait at the base of them. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the patio area alongside the pool between the set of chairs poolside. Go around the set of chairs and walk through the arched entrance and up the small set of steps towards the couch area. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk to the left of the bed. Stop at the hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn to the right, and walk past the bed, turning towards the doorway.  Go through the doorway, into the hallway.  Stop after a few steps into the hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past bed. Wait at threshold of bedroom door. 
759xd9YjKW5 FACING A WINDOW WITH TWO POTTED PLANTS TURN TO THE RIGHT SO THAT YOU FACE A HALLWAY WITH AN ARCHED DOORWAY, WALK DOWN THE HALLWAY THOUGHT THE DOORWAY, WALK TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY UNTIL THERE IS A STAIRCASE TO THE LEFT AND AN OPEN DOOR TO THE RIGHT AND IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK FORWARD TO THE OPEN DOOR AND INTO A SMALL ROOM WITH A BOOKCASE, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT SO YOU FACE A KITCHEN, WALK TO THE TABLE, TURN TO THE LEFT UNTIL YOU FACE AN EXERCISE ROOM AT THE BACK OF THE KITCHEN, WALK INTO THE EXERCISE ROOM. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn to the left and walk down the hall.  You'll go through a big entrance and into the kitchen to the right.  Go past the table and into a work out room.  You'll stop right in front of the treadmill. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn to thew left, and walk straight, across rooms until you reach the kitchen.Go through the door next to the light switch, and stop in front of the exercise bike in the gym. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 WALK FORWARD TOWARDS THE STAIRS, WALK UP THE STAIRS, WALK FORWARD TO THE POTTED PLANT. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go straight.  Go up the stairs and onto the rug.  Stop in the middle of the rug and wait. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 With the bed on your left walk straight and go up the stairs walking straight and stopping in the middle of the rug in the hallway across from the light switch on your left. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn left until you see the stove top in front of you. Walk towards the stove top and exit the doorway you your left. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk through the kitchen toward the stove, enter the patio to the left of the stove, wait at the table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the refrigerator to the doorway on the left. Go outside through the door stand in front of the next doorway on the balcony. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the pool and go indoors. Take a right, and walk past the couch and stop in the doorway in front of the mirror. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight towards the open double doors, right past the pool.  Enter the room.  Turn right and go straight, till you're even with the couch.  Then you should stop and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk forward with the pool on your right. Walk into the house through the door ahead of you on the left. In the house take a left and turn down the first right and stop next to the plants. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk straight out of the room and make a hard turn left. Walk into the first room on your left and stop after taking a step. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight through the doorway and make a hard left into the first room you come to. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk straight to the doorway and then go through it and turn right.  Turn right again very soon.  You'll then see an empty room that contains just one window.  The walls are lined with wood paneling. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and walk across the living room, past the chair and the lamp. Take a right when you reach the hallway, enter the first door on your right, and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the dining room and into the living room. Go up the two steps leading out of the leaving room and make  a right in the hallway. Walk down the hallway go into the second room on the right. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk down the steps past the couch into the hallway. Turn right into the hallway, then turn right at the first door. Stop when you step inside the bedroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn left into the bedroom then turn right and walk to the patio doorway. Stop in the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the closet into the bedroom. Take a right and head towards the open door outside. Stand in the open door to outside and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Facing the mirror take a right and enter the bedroom and walk towards the two chairs and straight pass the chaise lounge onto the patio and stop inside the doorway to the patio. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ enter the dining room area, turn right, turn right again and enter the kitchen, turn left at the kitchen island, continue to exit the kitchen, enter the living room area, and stop in front of the television on the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk through the door into the dining room area. Walk towards the dining table and through the door into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen past the island counter and into the next room with a dinign table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk forward out the door. Turn right and go towards the table. Turn right and go towards the cabinet. Turn left and go towards the white chair. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the door on your left, past the big table and through the double doors. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway and straight without turning and straight into the dining room pass the large dining table and through the double doors into the pantry stopping inside the pantry doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk across the hallway to the door on the other side. Walk through the room passed the large table in the middle. Walk through the doors near the wall with the wooden plaques holding brass art. Walk into the storage closet area through the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Facing the map on the wall take a left and walk straight going pass the kitchen and take a right into the hallway and main entry stopping right next tot he door handle. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down hall past kitchen. Turn right at console table. Wait at the open front door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and walk passed the wall lamps. Walk down the hall and turn the corner towards the front door. Pass by the large painting of a face and stop near the front door of the home. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the open door ahead into the lounge area with two small beds. Then walk through the door on the opposite end of the room. Into the wooden floored room and walk up to the counter area near the plate on the counter. 
r47D5H71a5s exit sauna, walk through door at other side of room stop in lobby by elevator. 
r47D5H71a5s Step out of the sauna and turn left. Walk past the massage tables and the glass shelf. Walk out of the room and go straight. Walk straight ahead into the room. Walk past the stairs and stop by the desk. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk into the kitchen area. Walk around the corner and to the right passing by the table. Walk into the open room with the circular side table with a potted plant. Continue into the living room area with the couches surrounding a fireplace. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk into the kitchen. Turn right  and walk past the table. Walk into the room and step right. Stop behind the couch. 
7y3sRwLe3Va From the dining room walk into the kitchen and hang a right. Once you take a right you are in the main entry room. In the entry walk past the patio on your left and go straight into the living room.In the living room take a right and stop behind the couch just past the entry. 
8WUmhLawc2A TURN LEFT TO FACE THE CLOSET AND WALK INTO THE CLOSET, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT AND WALK OUT OF THE CLOSET AND INTO THE LAUNDRY ROOM, TURN RIGHT AND WALK INTO THE HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AND WALK INTO THE KITCHEN NEAR THE REFRIGERATOR. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the closet through the open doors. Walk through the closet door towards the sink area. Turn the corner near the sink and walk into the kitchen area and stop by the refrigerator. 
8WUmhLawc2A With the tub on your left go straight into the closet and take a right into the closet and a right out of the closet into the laundry room taking a right out of the laundry room and a left into the kitchen stopping behind the bench on your right. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk passed the guitars mounted on the wall. Walk into the door ahead with the potted plant at the entrance. Stop in the circular room that has a bed up against the curved ceiling wall. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk to the potted plant next to the staircase.  Enter the room to the left of the potted plant. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go to the small plain bedroom down the hall containing a six-drawer dresser on the right wall. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom and turn left. Turn left again to exit the bedroom, then stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go through the doorway go past table turn left go past bed stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bathroom, turn left and walk until door to hallway. Turn left into hallway and wait at bottom of stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH walk into the room and walk along the right side of the room walking in the direction of the stairs. Walk through the last door on the right. Stop just out side the first door on the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight towards the staircase, turn right beside the staircase, stop outside the first door on the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk though the large open room with the round tables in the middle. Walk towards the stairwell and through the hallway to the right. Walk down the hall towards the large open room at the end with a red floor rug under a chandelier. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the bar stools near the kitchen counter.  Continue passed the staircase and past the mirrored doors. Walk around the corner towards the small lounge area with a fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn to the left and walk past the dining room table and the dog.  Go past the stairs and down the hall.  You'll see a big painting on the wall and on the right, there will be a small sitting room.  Stop in front of the mantle clock. 
EDJbREhghzL Go passed the rug and the dining room set to the stairs. go passed the mirror and enter the doorway and then you'll see the fireplace mantel. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight through the hall.  Past the couch, past the table and to the staircase.  Go up the stairs just to the second stop and then wait. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the laundry room and walk straight towards the stairs. Go up two stairs and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the hallway to the living room area. Walk passed the couches towards the dining room table. Pass the table and sop in front of the staircase. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway crossing into the hall overlooking the pool and take a left in the hall and a right outside onto the patio stopping once you pass the doors. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go out to the main hall and up the stairs that are immediately after the wrought iron wall hanging and continue into the room with the statue of David and out of the door between the two columns. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk up two steps, then turn through the door on your right and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hallway until  you're in front of a wooden door next to an exist sign. Turn left and go stand in front of the next door over. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down hallway towards red exit sign on left. Turn left. Stop in front of open conference room door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Continue down the hallway to the wooden doors. Make a right at the doors and go down that hallway until you reach a door on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Walk down the hall, and enter the bedroom through the first door on your right. Stop once you are in the bedroom next to the door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right walk towards the stairs. Turn left and walk past the carpet enter the rightmost doorway. Wait by the shelf inside the bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right and exit the room, then walk down the hallway to your left. When you reach the end, go through the door on the right and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight through the doorway and take a right. Stop in the doorway of the room with a plane on the table. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go down the hall past the lap and into the room with the large oak table and flowered wall paper. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk into the house off the balcony. Walk straight across into hallway across from the balcony. take the next right, and then go into the room with the dark blue floral wallpaper. Stop in the doorway. 
JF19kD82Mey exit bedroom to hallway. Follow hallway straight to stairs on your right. Turn 180 degrees and stop on top of staircase. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk past art gallery wall. Wait at top landing of stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey With the bed on your right, walk forward down the hall in the hallway. In the hallway at the end of the balcony take a right facing down the stairs. Go down the stairs stopping on the second from the top stair. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the fireplace. Walk past the dog and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T With the red chairs on your left walk forward into the living room walking by the brown leather couch on your right and go straight into the art studio on the far side of the living room stopping once you are past the dog statue and before you are at the sliding door. 
cV4RVeZvu5T FACING A TABLE TO THE LEFT AND 2 BLACK CHAIRS ON THE RIGHT WALK FORWARD TO THE FIREPLACE, WALK FORWARD PAST A DOG SCULPTURE AND INTO A SMALL ROOM WITH A WORK TABLE. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk straight through the living room with the couch on your right. Go through the doorway into the bedroom at the end of the walkway. In the bedroom take a left and stop in the entry way just before the rug. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk through the living room area passed the curved couch.  Walk through the doorway and into the bedroom area. Walk passed the foot of the bed and into the lounge area with the sofa. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk out of the dining area and walk straight into the bedroom that's past the living room. When in the bedroom take a left into the sitting area in the bedroom. Wait in the sitting area. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room through the open wooden door. Continue walking forward until you pass the sliding glass doors on your right. Enter the kitchen and walk forward until you reach the end of the bar. Continue walking forward until you're under the white Arch. Keeping the counter on your right take four steps into the room. Wait by the lamp on your left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight through the door and head towards the kitchen and then take a right at the table and then go straight and stop right before the table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room and go left.  Walk through the kitchen and make a right towards the dining room. Wait at the entrance to the dining room. 
8WUmhLawc2A turn around and walk straight. Stop at the hallway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward in the kitchen past the sink on your right Keep walking straight past the stove and out of the kitchen. Once out of the kitchen in the hallway stop just beyond the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A TURN RIGHT UNTIL THE STOVE IS ON THE LEFT AND A SINK IS ON THE RIGHT, WALK THOUGH THE KITCHEN TO GET TO A DOORWAY NEXT TO SOME CABINETS, WALK FORWARD UNTIL YOU ARE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE HALLWAY SURROUNDED BY DOORS. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the restroom, then take a left and walk to the painting. Then turn right, and stand in the doorway. 
i5noydFURQK Walk through the bathroom and out of the door on the other side passed the sink. Make a left into the hallway towards the painting on the wall. Go around the corner and follow the hall towards the next painting on the wall. Enter into the bedroom. 
i5noydFURQK Go to the first sink
Go to the second sink
Go to the painting
Go to the beach painting
Go to the doorknob. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk across the kitchen and make a slight right towards the hallway.enter the hallway and make a slight left follow the hallway and enter the study. Stop at the desk. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the kitchen through the arched doorway, walk down the hallway to the slight right, walk to the door, turn slight right to enter the office, wait by the desk. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk behind couch, exit room to right, enter office to right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk across the room, turn left, turn right, then turn left and wait by the striped rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p With the sink on your right walk down the hall and into the living room walking and taking a left through the doors at the end of the room into the hall and take a right in the hall going down the hall and into the dining room taking a left and stopping on the rug in front of the giraffe printed chaise lounge. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the open sliding door to the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom door on the opposite side of the room through the open double doors. Walk down the hallway into the living room. Stop on the striped floor rug. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Head towards staircase and begin going up stairs. Wait on the 6th step. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the wall painting. Turn and walk up the curving staircase and walk halfway up the flight of stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and walk up the first five to six steps of the stairs. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the hallway. Make a left after the thermostat. Wait at the vent. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and exit the room, and then walk straight ahead and walk through the arch. Take a right, and go forward until you're in front of a decoration on your right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and exit the bedroom. Turn right toward the door and wait by the plaque. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the door, turn right and go to the kitchen.  Turn left and go through the door to the hallway and wait three feet past the door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go forward past the table on your left side, and enter the house through the sliding glass doors. In the house take a right and walk through the doorway  into the kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and enter the house through the sliding glass doors, turn right, then walk straight past the counter until you come to a door on your left. Turn Left and go through the door. Wait near coat hanger. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the hallway and make a left and walk down that hallway. At the end of the hall make a right and wait at the front door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and go down the hall, turn to the left and go down the hall, past the kitchen, and then turn to the right.  You'll be by the front door of the house.  Stay there and wait. 
ULsKaCPVFJR walk to end of hall, turn left, enter hallway, stop at front door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the banister rails and desks near the wall. walk down the hallway passing the paintings and around the corner. Walk through the door to the bathroom on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the hallway by the banister. Make a right into the hallway with the feather art. Make a right into the bathroom with the chevron art. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the hall and take a right. Take a right into the bathroom and wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom and walk towards the stairs.  Walk up and stop on the third stair. 
rPc6DW4iMge leave bathroom, turn right and walk straight down hall to stairs, turn left and take one step, stop on stairs facing up stairwell. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk forward out of the bathroom into the hallway. In the hallway take a right and walk past the living room. Once past the living room take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the third step from the bottom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 turn right and walk through the kitchen. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and face the kitchen island. Walk straight. Turn the corner at the end of the island. Walk straight until you reach the middle of the floor by the first white wall. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE THE KITCHEN ISLAND, WALK FORWARD BETWEEN THE COUNTER AND ISLAND TOWARD THE SINK, FOLLOW THE ISLAND AND COUNTER AROUND UNTIL YOU REACH THE END OF THE KITCHEN FACING SEVERAL SETS OF PLATES ON RACKS. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room and turn right. Walk past the living room and dining area. Wait by the column. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit room and make a right. Head straight until you reach the entrance to the next room and wait. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the waiting area, head down th hallway past the stairs towards the dining table.  Stop before entering this dining area. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn right walk out doorway. Turn right walk towards bathroom. Turn right walk past bathroom. Turn left, stop in front of bar stools. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk out of the room and take a right. Take another right and then a left and wait at the counter next to the chairs. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk forward with the couch on your left and exit the room through the door at the end. In the hallway take a right and another right into the dining room. In the dining room go straight and stop with the mirrored pillar on your right side. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk around the bed and stop in the doorway near the painting. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk around the bed and turn right. Go through the door and into the hallway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leaving the closet and going towards the bed take a right to go around the bed and past the lounge on your left go out of the room into the hallway and stop just outside of the room in the doorway to the hallway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR OVER LOOKING THE STAIRS, WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRS AND TURN LEFT TO FACE THE END OF A HALLWAY WITH AN OPEN DOOR ON THE RIGHT, WALK TO THE OPEN DOOR AND TURN RIGHT, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM AND TURN LEFT, WALK TO THE WINDOW ON THE LEFT HAND SIDE OF THE BED AND TURN LEFT, WALK THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR AND INTO THE BATHROOM. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the laundry room by the door by the sink and make a left.  Walk to to the end of the hall, where you see the painting of a horse on the wall, and make a right to enter the bedroom.  Turn left when you enter the bedroom and walk approach the bed.  The bed will be on your right, and a doorway to the bathroom will be on your left.  Enter the bathroom and stop in front of the shower. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the laundry room and take a left. Walk to the end of the hall and enter the bedroom on your right. In the bedroom take a left and stand next to the drawers under the counter. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and walk past the doorway.  Go up the stairs, all the way.  Turn slightly left and walk a little way.  You'll stop when you are in front of the washer dryer set. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward with the desk on your left and walk into the hallway. In the hallway hang a right and go up the stair all the way to the top. At the top of the stairs hang a left and go into the laundry room through the first door on the left side. Stop once inside the laundry room and stop just inside the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out through the open doors into the hallway. Walk up the stairwell ahead to the top. Walk through the open door at the top of the stairs straight closest the top of the stairs with the washing machines inside. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk to the hallway and take a right. At the end of the hall take another right into the bedroom and stop beside the nightstand. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the double doors to the hallway and turn right. Walk to the end of the hall and wait in the bedroom on the right. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk forward in the hallway towards the French doors. Walk through the French doors and take a right down the hallway. In the hallway walk forwards and take a right. Walk down the hallway and take a right into the bedroom. In the bedroom stop just inside the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk forward out of the bedroom with the bed at your back. In the hallway walk forward through the hall and into the main room. Walk past the living room on your right and take a left up the stairs. Stop on the bottom step. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bedroom and walk straight toward the dining area. Turn left at the stairs and wait on the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk out the door and down the hall to the red chair. Turn left at the red chair and go up those stairs. 
JeFG25nYj2p Facing the sink walk forward through the bathroom and past the closet on the right and into the bedroom taking a left and stopping at the closest edge of the dresser. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around, walk past the sinks and the closet and go straight . Wait right at the little table with the scarf on it. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the bathroom passing the sink and closet area. Walk into the bedroom and walk alongside towards the wooden cabinet near the doorway. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk to the bathroom door and wait just outside the doorway. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Cross the bedroom and wait outside the bathroom door. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk through the room alongside the bed towards the doorway passing the side table and bench seats. Walk out of the door and into the hallway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj exit pool room through door on right, stop by tub. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj With the pool on your left. Walk past the window on your right and through the first doorway on your right. Walk through the next doorway on your right. Stop before you hit the bath tub. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk along the pool on your left and enter the house through the door on the right. Take a left  and walk down the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the first door on the right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Climb the stairs and stop at the blue dot. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the step.Take a left to the left of the table. Go towards couch and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk upstairs, turn right, walk all the way across the dining room into the next room and wait in the small seating area by the rug. 
2n8kARJN3HM At the top of these stairs walk straight past the large dining table and into the seating area located at the end of the room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go up the stairs and stop in the bathroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the stairs and into the room that is almost straight in front of you. Enter the room and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the flight of stairs to the upper level. Walk down the hallway through the door near the guitars on the wall. Continue into the unfinished bathroom area. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and exit the room via the farthest door to your right. Turn left and walk towards the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom by going through the door on the right. Turn left in the hallway and stop at the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Stand on the right side of the bed, walk past there two white chairs and turn right to exit the bedroom 
Once in the hallway pivot left and take a few steps forward until you are standing that the top of the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the hallway around the corner passed the coiled up electrical cord on the ceiling. Continue down the hallway past the wooden bench against the wall towards the open double doors. Continue down the hallway around the corner. Walk into the open doorway that has painters equipment and a painter's tarp on the ground. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk into the room, and keep heading down the hall until you reach the end. Then, make a sharp left and keep going forward until you reach the door on your right at the end of the hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Take a right into the room being remodeled and a left at the end of the room. Walk to the end of the hall and stop in the first doorway on your right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the kitchen, turn left and wait in the hallway outside the first bedroom on the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk into the dining room around the table. Walk through the open doorway near the refrigerator. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk forward by the counter and turn left. Walk into the kitchen area and turn left at the island. Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the open door into the hallway. Make a left. Walk straight down the hall. Make a right at the end of the hall and stand in the open doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING AN OPEN DOOR WITH A STRIPPED BED TO THE RIGHT AND A MIRROR TO THE LEFT, WALK THOUGH THE OPEN BEDROOM DOOR INTO THE HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AND FACE THE HALLWAY WITH STAIRS ON THE RIGHT, WALK FORWARD TO THE END OF THE HALL AND TURN RIGHT TO FACE AN OPEN BEDROOM DOOR WITH A TABLE AND A LAMP, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 exit bedroom, turn left, walk passed stairs, turn right, stop in bedroom. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk along the glass dividing  passed the first office desk. Turn around the desk and walk towards the purple egg on the ground. Walk up to the printer on the wall next to the stone support walls. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around to where there is a conference room to your right and head forward. When you get past the desk on your left start to head left toward a white bookcase. When you get to the white bookcase go behind it so you are in between a table and a photocopier. You are at your destination. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go into the large room towards the copy macine, and wiat there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right.  Walk through the galley kitchen area.  Turn to the left, you'll be in a pantry.  Stop right there and wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG You're going to go from the kitchen into the bathroom.  Walk though the kitchen, taking the aisle between the oven and the kitchen island.  Make a left past the microwave and go through the doorway into the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forward past the dining table on the right and into the kitchen. Walk straight in the kitchen between the counters. At the microwave take a left at the end of the kitchen, and a right into the pantry. Stop inside the pantry next to the door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk into the living room. Walk past the couches and turn right. Stop in the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk forward into, and through the living room. Take a right at the end of the room and enter the dining room. Stop in the doorway to the dining room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn and walk into the living room area with burgundy couches. Walk passed the couches towards the fireplace. Go through the doorway on the right on the opposite side of the room and into the dining area. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go towards the froom labebled spaces and wait just inside the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go past the sun on the floor.  Go straight through the door under the word spaces.  You'll go about 3 feet into the room, you'll be on a red rug.  Stand there and wait by the bicycles. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go through the double doors under the sign "Spaces".  Stop in the entrance of the room at the beginning of the narrow red carpet. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward until you reach room 339. Wait in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight down the hallway and turn to the right, then turn right again.  Continue past the room with the two chairs.  When you get to room 339, go into it.  Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hallway and turn right. Enter the fourth door on the right. Wait in room 339. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go into the living room, navigate behind the couch to the left, move forward, stop at the end of the hall. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go indoors and around the sofa, turning right. Continue past the steps and wait in front of the open door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the sofa until you are next to the stairs, then walk to the small door on the far side of the room and stop. 
s8pcmisQ38h TURN RIGHT TO FACE AN OPEN DOOR WITH A CABINET ON THE RIGHT, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR INTO A HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AND WALK DOWN A SHORT HALLWAY, FACING A NEW ROOM WITH A COUCH ON THE RIGHT AND A STAIR CASE ON THE LEFT AND WITH A DOOR WAY IN FRONT OF YOU WALK FORWARD TOWARDS THE DOORWAY, WALK TO THE END OF THE HALL SO THAT YOU ARE FACING TWO BEDROOMS, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT AND WALK INTO THE BEDROOM ON THE LEFT HAND SIDE. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go through the door to the hall. Turn left and cross over the glass floor to the small hallway. Go to the doorway of the room on the left. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn right exit the room. Turn left and walk across the hallway and room. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go straight through the kitchen and then turn right into the common area, go straight to the room by the stairs, wait by the desk. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the kitchen around and past the counter and left past the dining table, and wait at the doorway to the office. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the room with the bar and walk straight into the kitchen. Make a right at the kitchen counter and leave the kitchen. Make a slight left in the dining area and wait in the office by the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa turn around and go down the slim hallway and keep going straight until you get to a doorway and turn right into it and stop right at the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk to the room at the end of the hallway and go in the room. Turn to the right and stand in front of the shower and wait. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the hall passed the reflective cabinet doors. Walk into the bathroom area with long mirrors and lights. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the room and go past the table with the purple chairs. Once past the table go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs in the kitchen. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bedroom and wait at the top of the second set of steps in the kitchen. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go through living area, to stairs on the left, behind purple chairs. Go up stairs, then stop at the top of the stairway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk straight to leave the kitchen and take a left at the first counter, and another left heading past the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the main entrance. 
b8cTxDM8gDG You're in a kitchen.  Walk past the double ovens.  Turn left and walk towards the back of the counter.  Walk past the staircase.  Go to the door to the outside of the house.  Stop on the welcome mat and wait. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Move forward into the kitchen until you reach the cabinets directly past the oven.  Turn left and move through the space between the kitchen island an the counter.  Turn left and move to toward the open doorway.  Stop once you are on the welcome mat outside of the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and go down the hall.  Go onto the blue rug, and then turn left.  Go to the top of the stairs.  Then go on past that and you'll find yourself in a hallway.  Stop there in the hallway.  Wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With the railing on your left walk forward and take a left at the stairs and to past the stairs and take a right into the hallway and stop just outside of the door on the left in the hall. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk around the staircase, enter the hallway to the left of the bench, wait at the doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ walk out into the laundry room and into the sitting room on the other side. walk forward and stop on the rug next to the white round table. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight out of the bathroom.  Walk through the laundry room.  Make a right across from the open door to enter the living room area.  Stop next to the white chair by the small circular table on the carpet in the living room. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bathroom and walk straight to the living area on your right. Wait in front of the oval white coffee table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa exit bathroom, walk through door on right, go downstairs, exit through doors to left. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk into the bedroom area. Walk passed the bed to the glass door into the next room. Walk towards the couches in the room and walk down the set of stairs. Continue walking towards the passed the couches towards the open door to outside. 
Uxmj2M2itWa You will go to the right and through a doorway.  Walk past the red chair.  You will see an outside door.  Wait before you get to the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk down the hall through the arched entry way into the front room with sofas and lounge chairs.Turn the corner and walk through the open door into the gym area. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the theater and take a left. walk into the room straight ahead and go into the fitness room. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the patio. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the cinema room, turn left, enter the exercise room, walk to the first doorway on the left by the elliptical machine, wait in the doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG If you would go to the bedroom with the striped blanket on it you will find a large empty closet located directly across from it. 
PX4nDJXEHrG To take right and turn left and enter bedroom. Opp side of bedroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the bedroom and take a right. Enter the room and take a left. In the room turn left and enter the closet through the first door on your right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the piano into the hallway. Turn right and step outside. Stop by the gate. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk through the room passed the wooden piano. Walk up the small steps and through the tiled room past the reception desk and out through the front door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk toward the shelving unit. Walk up the two steps. Turn right through the door on your right and stop on the mat. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn to the right and then to the right again.  Go down the hallway.  Go up the little set of stairs.  You're now in the dining room.  Wait there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and after the second chair take a right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk forward with the living room on the left. Go up the last flight of stairs on the right and enter the dining area. Stop right at the top of the stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Make a left at the stairs. Walk down the stairs. Walk out the door ahead of you. Make a slight right turn at the floor vase. Stop at the banister. 
SN83YJsR3w2 turn left. walk down the stairs. walk straight and go and through the double doors. turn right and go past the chairs and table. go to walkway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go down the stairway and through a room, and out the back door to the outside.  Go until the brick walkway begins on the right. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk through the living room and to the short stairway. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY walk toward couch turn left and walk between couch and table. Continue straight between two couches and to stairs. Stop at bottom of stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right. Walk between two couches. Stop before the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go through the doors marked with a blue dot. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the room and take a right. Walk down the hall and take the last right into a room under construction. Stop outside of the utility closet. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit sitting room to hall through double doors. Turn slight right and follow hallway straight. At end of hallway turn right and enter next hallway. Stop in hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va exit through double doors, go down hall and down stairs, stop at bottom of stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave this room and go stand on the blue marker. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk forward with the sink at your back. Go into the bedroom, and take a left into the hallway. In the hallway go straight and go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs nest to the bathroom door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the washroom and enter the bedroom turn hard left and walk into the hallway. Continue straight down the hallway and up the stairs. Take a few steps then stop by the open door on the right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and walk along the hallway with the red carpet. Walk up the stairs and wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF go straight and take left and turn first right near right side chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out the bathroom.  Make a left through the open door. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward towards the door with the sink at your back. In the hallway take a left and go through the doorway into the dining room. In the dining room take a right and go down the steps into the living room. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go past the main entrance and travel down the hall with the large tapestry and into the office with the walnut table and crystal vase on the mantle. 
ac26ZMwG7aT turn around and go towards the hallway and keep walking straight until you get to the end of the hall and then take the door right to your right and stop in the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past the dining table and door to the kitchen into the hallway ahead.Walk down the hall past the wall art and front door of the home. Continue down the hall past more wall art and into the open door at the end of the hall which leads to an office with bookshelves. 
EDJbREhghzL Go to the end of the bed
Go to the flowers
Go to the glass doors
Go to the chair
Go to the small painting
Go to the rug. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk through the bedroom past the bed and armchairs. Continue out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the hallway  Passed the study area and wall lamps and paintings on the walls. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left to exit the room and walk down the hallway in a bedroom. Wait by the chair. 
i5noydFURQK Move forward to the first door on the right. Turn into the door, and then turn right into the second door on the right. Move forward diagonally to stand in front of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK FACING A HALLWAY WITH SEVERAL PAINTINGS ON THE RIGHT WALK FORWARD TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY, TURN RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE ANOTHER HALLWAY WITH A  BUILT IN CABINET SHELF AREA TO THE LEFT AND AN OPEN DOOR TO THE RIGHT, WALK TO THE OPEN DOOR AND TURN RIGHT SO THE CABINET IS BEHIND YOU AND YOU ARE FACING A BEDROOM WITH A GREEN AND WHILE BED, WALK INTO THE BEDROOM UNTIL YOU REACH THE FOOT OF THE BED. 
i5noydFURQK Move down the hallway and turn right into another hallway. Move forward and turn right at the second door. Enter the bedroom and stop at the foot of the bed. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bedroom, turn right and head down the hallway, stop in the doorframe of the sliding door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk towards the wooden cabinets. Turn the corner and walk along the glass partition wall in the hallway. Walk towards the open door that leads outside at the end of the hallway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn right and continue down the hall with the glass railing to your left. Stop in the door that goes outside to the balcony. 
i5noydFURQK Walk straight out office door. Walk past three white vases. Make right at wall art. Wait at bedroom door. 
i5noydFURQK Walk through the room passed the table. Walk through the barn door on the other side of the table into the hallway. Walk down the hall passed the bathroom. Turn the corner at the painting of a beach. Walk into the bedroom With arm chair and closet. 
i5noydFURQK Walk to the door way then to the end of the hall and turn right. Stop at the bedroom doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go down the stairs and down the dark brown hallway all of the way, and stop when you get near the end. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk to the end of the hall and face the picture on the wall. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave bedroom and walk straight down hallway, stop at the end of the hall facing picture. 
Uxmj2M2itWa walk down path to left and stop in front of large cactus. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the walkway and wait by the entrance. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk along the patio past the purple chairs along the glass barrier wall. Continue towards the open door at the end of the wall that leads inside. 
JeFG25nYj2p Make a 180 degree turn and walk straight to the white door with a brown, wooden handle. Wait here with the white door in front of you. 
JeFG25nYj2p pass through hallway, stop at door at end of hall. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around at the start, moving straight down the hallway, keeping the paintings to your right side, keep going straight and wait in front of the door with the copper handle. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk back into the house and turn right towards the kitchen but don't go to the kitchen. Make your first right into the dining room and stand just behind the first chair to the right of the dining table. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past the table and chairs. Turn right and walk into the large room with wood floors. Walk past the couch and turn right by the dining room table and chairs. Stop by the dining room table and chairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX enter house, turn right, turn right again and stop next to table. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk forward with the wall on your left. Enter the house and take a left. Take a right before you reach the piano and take a right into the library. Stop in front of the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go inside.  Turn left toward the piano. Walk to the right of the piano. Stop next to the sink with the liquor above it. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk through the door at the end of the walkway and past the piano. Wait in the nook on the right. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs, walk towards the sitting area, and wait near the bottom of the spiral stair case. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up stairs. Walk across landing. Wait at spiral staircase. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs to the landing, then walk up the stairs to your right. Walk straight past the room on your right. Wait at the base of the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Continue down the stairs. At the bottom turn right and head towards the two chairs in front of you. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop at the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the stairs and take a right to keep going down. At the bottom of the stairs take a  right and go past the Christmas tree. Walk past the chairs o the left and go to the doorway. Go through the doorway on the left and enter the bathroom stopping in front of the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn left and walk down the stairs.  Walk past the Christmas tree.  Walk between a blue and red chair.  Then you'll see a doorway to the bathroom.  Walk through that and then wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk to the kitchen, it is out of this room and straight down the hall past the large ornately framed mirror to the right hand side. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk straight down the hallway passing a love seat on your right. Turn right at the first doorway after you pass a large mirror on the left. Enter the doorway then wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk through the hallway, and out of the bedroom. Walk straight down the hall and take the first right into the kitchen through the first door on the right. Stop next to the pantry door. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk into the massage room and head to the left.  Go through the doorway.  Go into the next room where there is a staircase.  Keep going a little farther and stand by the base of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the bathroom area into the room with two small beds. Walk out of the door near the beds and into the hallway. Walk through the open glass double doors and through the room towards the counter top opposite from elevator doors on the other side of the room. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave sauna and move forward across room turning slight right to doorway. turn slight right to hallway and move forward through double doors and stop just passed the stairs by the counter. 
5q7pvUzZiYa walk by stairs, enter door at end of hall. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hallway past the stairs towards the bedroom. Stop and wait just before crossing into the next room. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Pass the stairs on the left and walk straight down the hallway. Walk into the door way to the bedroom and stop by the door. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk passed the computer desk on your left. Make a slight left and walk towards the center of the room. Stop when you reach the two long tables and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Pass the host's desk, continue into the dining area, and stop in front of the ping pong table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Move forward with the glass wall on your right side. Move past the glass wall and then the table with the computer on the left. Turn 45 degrees to the left after passing the table and move forward until you are 3 or 4 feet away from the ping pong table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the pool and then turn left when you get next to it. Turn left and stop in front of the steps to go into the pool. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Move towards the pool by following the blue dots. Do not move the furniture. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk passed sitting area towards pool, stop at edge of pool and turn left. walk three feet and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and walk by the table and chairs. Take a left and wait by the pool. 
r47D5H71a5s Go passed the pool and turn left. Go down this hall passing the exercise bike on your left. At the end of the hallway go in the doorway on your right. When you are a few feet in front of the sinks, stop and wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Make a right around the corner of the first lounger on the right. Walk to the end of the hall with the three pieces of wall art. Make a right into the bathroom, facing the sinks. 
r47D5H71a5s Follow the edge of the spa to the other side of the room, turn left and exit. go straight passed the equipment and chair to a door on the slight right. enter the  bathroom and stop near the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX Pass the meters, exit the ulity room, into the main area, and go towards the second door on the left.  Face into this room and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX walk out of the pump room to the main hall. Turn slight left to the empty room, turn more left and enter the room. Stop right when you get in it and face the window. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go forward and exit the room, turn left and enter the second door from the left, stop by the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF turn hard right and walk toward the double glass doors. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the glass table on your right, walk to the lattice wall, wait at the opening in the lattice wall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF turn around and go towards the door down the hall and the windows stop as soon as you hit the wine holders. 
E9uDoFAP3SH From the stairs take a right and go into the sitting room straight ahead. In the sitting room walk to the rear and take a right into the small room on the right. Stop once you have entered the small room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn and walk around the banister into the room with the arched door way. Walk through the open room to the other end with a throw rug and armchairs. Walk into the door  past the small table and into the room with drawn back curtains. 
E9uDoFAP3SH turn left passed the steps and enter the room. Go slightly right and continue across the room. Exit the room into the next empty room. Stop inside before the rug. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around a the blackboard, make a left at the water fountain and head through the doorframe. Angle left and move straight, keeping the table with the white tablecloth on your left side. Make a slight right and walk straight, waiting at the bottom of the stairwell. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards the water dispenser and exit the doorway to the left. Walk straight left of the white circular table and towards the wooden staircase. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk out of the bathroom, turn left, and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the room and go down the stairs. Stop in the middle of the landing on the stairs next to the flowers. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk through the doorway directly in front of you and turn to the right.  Walk down the stairs.  Stop when you get to the landing. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit through the double doors and go down the first half of stairs located to your right. Wait on the landing just in front of the flowers. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward and slightly to the left, going around the glass floors and past the gray lounge chairs on the left. Wait next to the sliding glass doors. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward past the lounge chairs. Walk past the table into the doorway and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the pool between the water and the gray pool chairs, wait at the doorway to the office. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward and then take a sharp right at the water fountain. Walk forward into the large room past the table. Follow on between the benches and our the door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go into the very large room to the left, Go through it and out of the front door, and wait . 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right at the water fountain and enter the main room.  Walk past the marble table in the middle of the room and in between the parallel leather benches.  Walk through the door with the "exit" sign and keep going until you are outside. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs. Make a right at the open doorway. Make a left and walk into the room, by the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs, turn right and go into the hall, turn left and enter the bedroom, stop at bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk forward all of the way up the stairs, then turn to the right to an open doorway.  Go through the doorway, veering to the left where you'll see a large bedroom, wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go stand on the blue dot in the hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH walk through to the hall turn left in hall and enter main room. Turn slight right and enter dining room, stop facing table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Head straight towards wooden door and exit room. Turn left into large room with rug. Take a wide right out of the space and wait right before you reach the darker rug in which the table is on. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the door way into the hall,Turn left, walk passed the piano on the right and turn right. Stop on the carpet in the dining room. 
ZMojNkEp431 walk forward into the large room. Turn left and walk past the plywood cabinet. Walk straight past the desks. Turn left and stop in front of the hammock. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the end of the hall and turn left. Keep walking across the room staying the the left and turn left and stay around a red carpet with green chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards the table, turn left in front of the table, go straight, walk past the desk, turn left and stop near the hammock. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk around the bed and out the door on your left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk to the foot of the bed, turn right and walk to hallway turn slight left and stop in hallway facing elevator. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn to the right and walk past the bed.  Go past the tv and to the doorway.  You'll walk just to the other side of the bedroom door.  Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Walk passed the cabinet and wall mirror and continue down the hall. Walk passed the water cooler and into the next room ahead. Walk towards the large circular desk area near the pamphlets laid out on the desk. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through doorway and turn right. Walk straight and go through the next doorway. Walk forward and then turn right. Wait by the reception desk. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk down the part of the floor next to the large dark-brown framed mirror. Walk straight out the door and make a right towards the reception desk. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 exit bedroom, turn left, enter bedroom on right. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go thorough door, through the hallway, turn right, to the furthest bedroom on the right. Enter, bedroom and stop in front of the desk. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go out the door, turn hard left.turn right and go into bedroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk through the doorway located at the bottom of the stairs.  Make an immediate left and walk towards the front door. Wait on the bottom stairs located to your left just before you get to the front door. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom enter hallway, stop at bottom of staircase. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn left at the open doorway. Make another let and walk into the hall. Make another left and walk towards the stair rail. Go up a few stairs. 
JeFG25nYj2p turn right into the hallway and continue past the zebra painting. Enter the living room and turn left. Turn left into the kitchen and wait by the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet, turn right, enter the living room, turn left, enter the dining room, turn left, enter the kitchen, wait at the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the doorway facing the zebra painting. Turn night and walk along the hallway to the living area. Turn left and left again and wait next to the refrigerator on the left. 
8WUmhLawc2A go towards the living room area, go to the kitchen area, turn left beside the bar,  turn right beside the refrigerator and stop beside the refrigerator. 
8WUmhLawc2A TURN AROUND UNTIL YOU FACE A SHORT HALLWAY AND WALK TOWARDS THE ARCHED OPENING ON THE LEFT OF THE HALLWAY, WALK PAST THE LIVING ROOM COUCH AND TOWARDS THE KITCHEN ISLAND BREAKFAST BAR, TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT AND WALK TOWARDS THE REFRIGERATOR, TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND WALK TO THE LEFT SIDE OF THE REFRIGERATOR FACING A THERMOSTAT CONTROL PANEL. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and go down the hallway into the kitchen area. Go behind the kitchen island and wait in front of the refrigerator. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bedroom, walk through the kitchen, turn left, walk to the red chair, turn left, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past fireplace.Make a left before kitchen. Walk through bedroom. Wait at threshold of bathroom door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave bedroom and walk down the next room, turn left to kitchen and enter, turn hard left to other bedroom and continue in bedroom to stop at the bath tub. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk through the kitchen past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk right past the trash can. Walk left past the chairs. Walk past the and table and turn left. Stop in the hallway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight behind the counter to the first doorway on your right. Take a right once through the door and walk to the doorway to your left. Stop in the doorway at the panting. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk to the last bar chair on the left. Make a slight left and walk into the smaller room. Walk around the bar with the grey chairs. Make a left into the thin grey hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right towards kitchen. Go into hallway and walk into dining room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk through the archway with the thermostat on the wall.  Walk toward the piano and stop just before it. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn toward the kitchen, and walk through the doorway to the right of the breakfast bar.  Walk down the hall, passing the bathroom on your right side as you walk.  Walk straight and stop when you get to the piano. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave closet into bathroom, walk across the bathroom turn right and stop in the doorway looking at the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past bathroom vanity. Wait at bedroom door threshold. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight, past the double sinks.  Turn to the right and there will be a bedroom.  Wait right there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the bathroom and take a right in the bedroom into the office. In the office stop in front of the desk closest to the trash bin. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn to the left and go past the double sink.  Veer to the left.  Go into that room, it's an office.  Stop by the first corner of the desk you come to.  Wait. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the restroom by walking towards the opened door. Once walking closer to the opened door, there will be another opened door to the left. Make a left into the left door, then make a right into a room full of bookcases and a table with two leather chairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight down the hallway. Stop just past the double doors. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight down the hallway and past the double doors.  Stop when you enter an open room at the end. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward to the red dot then stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the hall, past the rug that's on the floor.  When you get to the next spot where you could turn left and right, you need to stop there and wait. 
2n8kARJN3HM Move down the long hallway. Stop when you reach the second doorway on you right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go forward down the hallway with the dark wooden floor and on to the rug. stop after the end of the rug. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk through the kitchen and into the door on the left. Wait inside the bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go to the table
Go to the rice cooker
Go to the three light switches
Go to the bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk across kitchen passed the table turn left at the recliner into bedroom. Stop at edge of bed. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk toward the door straight ahead, turn slight left toward the door and enter the office, wait by the chair. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight ahead through the doorway, and then turn to the left.  Go through the doorway and into the office.  Stop just behind the desk chair. 
ac26ZMwG7aT go through door by chair, turn left, stop by chair. 
VLzqgDo317F walk forward through the ornate double doors and into the hallway In the hall walk forward and go into the sitting room on the left. Stop in the doorway to the sitting room. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the open doors with golden decorations. Walk through the next room passed the ceiling lamp towards the grandfather clock up against the wall. Walk through the door to the left of the clock and into the next room that has glass chandeliers and wrap around Victorian couches. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room, walk down the hallway to the left next to the striped chair, wait at the door by the fire extinguisher. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of storage room into utility room. Walk out of door on right. Walk down hallway past three chairs and turn left into kitchen. Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out the doorway. Turn and walk out the door to the right. Move down the hallway to the left. Go out the door to the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT exit storage room to adjacent storage room, turn right into hall, continue slight right down hallway, at end of hall turn left entering kitchen, stop at counter on right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the kitchen and towards the dining room table. Walk through the doorway and walk left. Wait in the bedroom doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and go through the kitchen.  And through the dining room.  GO to the right, through the doorway and into the entryway.  You'll see a bedroom off to the right. Go to the doorway of that bedroom and wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk into the kitchen and go left. Leave the kitchen and enter the foyer on your right. Take a left  and stop in the bathroom doorway on your right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn to the right and walk into the room.  Walk between the table and the couch.  Walk on to the right and enter a small room with long blue drapes. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the empty room and walk slightly left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn to the right and walk through the open doorway.  Walk up to the round, wooden table. Walk towards the far right corner of the room. Walk through the narrow hallway and into the next room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room going up three stairs. Next head straight down the hallway. Go to the stairway that has glass walls in the middle of the large room. Go down three steps and wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk up the set of stairs to the left. Go forward through the hallway and wait at the top of the stairs to the left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go up the stairs and leave the bedroom. In the hallway take a left and go down the stairs. Stop on the third step from the top. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 pass through hallway, walk toward outside door, turn right, stop in doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn to the right and then turn a little more to the right.  Go down the hallway.  Go towards the patio door, but then take a right into the living room.  Stop just behind the chair and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go out of the exercise room and go down the hall. Go past the mirror and turn right and wiat there in the doorway to the living room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk past the medical equipment and draining platform through the door near the wall mirror. Walk into the open room past the tile mosaic on the floor. Walk into the next room that has massage beds with hanging metal bowls above. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the door, into the door diagonally from you and stop at the table in the next room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward, turn right and pass the mirror on the left. Enter the hallway and walk diagonally to the right to the open door. Walk into the room containing two bed-like structures. Stop and wait in the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the dining area passed the counter top with a single chair and electronics on top. Walk down the hall and exit through the back door to the patio area, stopping near the barbecue. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Move through the dinning area, passing the large table to the left. Enter the hallway and move to the first door on the left. Enter and move to the grill. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go to the desk
Go to the painting
Go to the patio
Go to the grill. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around. And walk next to the beams on the cement. Make a right at the table and chairs set. Walk through the transparent doors to the open door straight ahead. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn 180 degrees and walk across the chairs and towards the grill. Enter the doorway and walk straight across the hall into the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk down the sidewalk with the rocking chairs on your left, go inside the building, go straight and enter the bedroom and stop by rug on the ground. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the room through the double doors and turn left. Enter the room across the hall to the far right. Make a slight right and wait in the doorway of the office. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn to the right and walk through the open double white doors. Make a right past the light switches. Turn right and stop after going through the nearest doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bedroom through the double doors and turn left at the mirror. Go through the archway and make a hard right into the office doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down the stairs, wait at the door to the left of the blue couch at the bottom of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward away from the stairs behind you, and go down the stairs into the living room. In the living room take a left and stop in the entry hallway in front of the door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk down the stairs and head left down the hallway toward the bedroom. Stop by the thermostat outside the bedroom and wait. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the kitchen, walk through the living room, enter the hallway to the right by the statute, wait at the painting. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the kitchen and move through the dining area.  Turn right through the open door and go straight down the hallway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Start walking towards the living room and once under the staircase turn right. Enter the hallway and wait in front of the painting on the wall. 
VLzqgDo317F Go past the ropes and go straight down the red carpet and past the stairs on your left. Go into the sitting room through the door on your right straight ahead and stop once you pass the doors. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk into the hallway with the red rug. Once out of the walkway turn right and go through the door closest to the two main doors. Wait at the entrance to that room. 
VLzqgDo317F Make a right from the door facing the gold couch and go down the long narrow hallway. Go down the hall until you see a room with steps then make a right so you in front of the door on the right side of the room. Go through that door and wait by the big mirror and fireplace. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn left, go down the hallway to the first intersection, turn left and wait in the middle of the hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk through doorway and turn left, go down hall and turn left, stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the room and into the hallway. Turn the corner to the left and walk down the hall past the glass walls towards the exit sign. Turn left into the next hallway at the exit sign and walk down towards the open office doors ahead. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the laundry room Head straight across the next room toward the stairs. Go up three steps and wait. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go past the sink, and towards the stairway. Go up two stairs and wait. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 exit laundry room. turn slightly right. walk to stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn to your left and walk forward out of the room past the bed. Take a right at the door and walk across the room to the opening. Stop at the entry and wait there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom. Turn right. Walk a little and turn left on the first corner and stop there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL exit bedroom, turn right stop in center doorway. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Go down the asleep of the chruch towards the front.  Stop and wait after passing all of the pews. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Turn of  around and walk straight down the aisle until you reach the first set of pews. Stand ahead of them in the center. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Walk past pews and wait in front of potted flowers. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go towards the large doors that exit the lobby, crossing through the lobby.  Walk out the doors towards the wooden railing  Stop in the middle of the patio. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the living room left and head toward the balcony. turn slight left to avoid the rug, then turn slight right to exit the house. Stop when you are outside on the balcony looking out. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the living room to the patio, wait at the welcome mat in the doorway to the patio. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go up the steps into the room with the hanging light. Turn right and enter the doorway into the hall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk up the stairs and take a right. Walk through the door a the end of the hall and stop next to the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go towards the dining room table, turn to the right before reaching it, and go through a doorway across the room.  Wait facing into this area. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the door ahead of you. Make a right turn at the second doorway. Walk into the utility room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room and walk slight forward. Make the 2nd right into a room full of pipes, a washing machine, and a heater. Wait in this room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go down the hallway through the door. Move through the second door on the right and stop next to the water heater. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Enter the building and make the first left into the hallway. Walk down the hallway and take a right. Wait in front of the bathroom door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the door with letters decorating it. Walk down the hall past the wall art of a face around the corner past the open doors on either side and continue down the hall towards the bathroom around the corner. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Make a left at the mirror, walk through the hallway, then make a right, and stop before bathroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the doorway. Turn left and go through the door to the white rug. Go to the top of the stiars. Continue past the stairs and go right. Follow the white rug to the doorway on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward into the hall and take a left. Take another left, and go around the stairs. Enter the room that is the second door on the left, and stop in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit towards the stairs. Find the entrance to the stairs going down.  Pass the enterence to the stairs until you see the runner rug to the right along  the stair railing.  Follow the rug until you reach the doors to a large ballroom to your left. Wait here. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hallway, turn left at the guitar, wait in the doorway to the bedroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa pass glass wall. turn right into bedroom, stop by head of bed. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go straight down the hallway and take the first left into a bedroom. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn slightly right to walk up the staircase. When you get to the top of the stairs turn left to walk past the closed door on your right. You will have to immediately turn left again to follow the hallway around the staircase. Take the arched passageway that is immediately to your right to walk into a short hallway and stop. There should be a bathroom straight ahead of you, a bedroom with a sofa to the left and a smaller bedroom to the right. Stop here. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs, and onto the landing. At the top of the stairs take a left, then a right into the first doorway into a small hallway. Stop in the middle of the hallway outside of the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Travel up the stairs. Once at the top turn left and go through the second door way and wait. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Leave the bathroom and go through the laundry room into the kitchen on the left. In the kitchen stop next to the cabinets with the books on it. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall all the way to the desk, turn left, wait by the stove. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go to the sink
Go to the door
Go to the washer dryer
Go to the radio. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk straight past the dining area until you reach a sofa.  Turn left and go outside. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn right and walk towards the sofa. Turn left and exit the room and wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go past the dining area and exit the sliding glass doors. Wait on the patio. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the hallway and turn left into the bedroom at the end.  Step into the doorway of the bathroom to the right of the bed and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 turn right down the hallway. then left into bedroom. then right into bathroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go straight past the desk then turn left.  Go in the bedroom and then go into the bathroom doorway on the right and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward towards the big round table. Go into the hallway on the left near the stairs. stop just outside of the first door on your left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and head towards the small circular table. Take a light left turn past the stairs to the wall on the side of it. Make a right turn into the small hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH enter room with blue carpet, go to top of stairs, go through door on right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the bathroom and turn to the right.  Walk past the electronic keyboard and past the table and chairs.  Walk into the hallway.  Then, wait. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bathroom. Turn left and enter the room and keep walking towards the staircase. Enter the hallway to the left and wait at the end of the hallway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Head through the doorframe in front of you. Turn left and head through the open door you see that isn't the one you just went through. Head straight, around the corner, and hang a slight left past the stairs with the raised bars towards the hallway across the room, between the two pictures. Turn slightly to the right and stop and wait in front of the golden door handle, facing it. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go out of the bathroom into the bedroom.  Go past the shelves and bed and couch out of the bedroom door.  Head toward the door going outside.  Stop just outside the door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT exit bathroom, walk through bedroom to hall, exit house onto patio. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through bathroom. Walk through bedroom. Walk through open sliding doors. Wait at grill. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and turn right. Continue down the hall and through the double doors. Go to the second room on the right and wait in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of office and turn right. Walk down hallway through double door. Stand in front of second door on right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the office and take a right. Walk down the hallway through the double doors. Stop inside the doorway to office with the 02 on the door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go past the bed to the door on the left. Go through the door and to the first recliner. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bedroom, enter the theater room, wait at the tv. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave the bedroom and go into the television room. Stop when you are parallel to the speaker on the right. 
VLzqgDo317F Follow the long red rug and leave the sitting room. walk froward in the open area and take a right at the end of the roped off seating area and stand on the red rug behind the sitting area before you reach the doorway into the next room/. 
VLzqgDo317F exit room and walk through room, stop between doorways on right. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right and walk along the red carpet into the next room past the chairs and wait between both entrances. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the laundry room, enter the living room, walk past the white couch, turn left, walk to the kitchen, wait by the kitchen island. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave bathroom and make slight left crossing the hall. enter living room, take left and go behind couches towards the window wall. Turn right and head towards the kitchen. Stop at the counter. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go into the large lobby.  Go across the lobby towards the bar stools at the counter Wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 pass behind chairs and toward table, turn left and stop at corner of couch. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go straight ahead and then turn to the right.  Go past a table and chairs set.  And then head towards a leather couch.  Stop there and wait. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight in from the balcony and make a right. Make a left past the pillar and wait between the pillar and the leather couch. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the room where the office is and make a right. Go down the hall and go to the doorway to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Start in the hallway. Walk forward. Turn left into the bedroom. Stop in the bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk down the narrow hallway with the handicapped bathroom on the left. Take a left into the bedroom.  Stop in the bedroom in the doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go straight.  Proceed to the right and move through the open door.  Go straight.  Turn right through open door.  Go staright towards the bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk down porch and turn right to front door. Enter house . walk forward and turn right into hallway. Stop in laundry room facing bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Pass the rocking chairs and go into the open doorway to the washer and dryer, and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go out the door a take a left. Go down the hall. Take another left, pass the rectangular table, and stop at the round table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the laundry room and turn left, walk into the dining room and turn left again and stop past the table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj exit room, turn left, turn left agian, stop near table with plant. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk straight down hall to the bed room at the end of the hall. Stop when you reach the chair. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn right and go down the hallway towards the bedroom at the end of the hall. Go in the bedroom and wait in front of the bathroom door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk forward toward the ached hallway. Continue down the hallway and enter the bedroom at the end. Stop next to the arm of the chair in the bedroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn right and immediately right again.  Take another right into the bedroom.  Walk through bedroom and through the bathroom door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the hallway, enter the bedroom, walk through the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE In the corridor take a right towards the stairs and take the next right, and another right into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room and turn right.  Walk straight down the hall and through the doorway at the end of the hall.  You will see a globe on a wood bookshelf in front of you in that room.  Turn to the left, and there will be a doorway to the bathroom.  Enter the bathroom and stop there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the theater and take a right in the hallway and go straight into the office and take a left into bathroom, stopping in the bathroom doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go to the poster
Go to the right two metres
Go to the globe
Go to the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T go up steps, turn right, stop at counter top. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk towards the stairs ad take a right to go up the stairs. Go straight into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop next to the cabinet under the counter with the colorful dishes. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk towards the couch and make a right to go up the steps. Go up the both sets of steps and go straight back to the kitchen and wait by the counter. 
i5noydFURQK take right and walk up stairs and take left near window your target. 
i5noydFURQK Head up the stairs and wait at the top next to the window. 
i5noydFURQK Go up the stairs. Once at the top of the stairs top on the landing before you reach the window. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward past the table with the lamp. Keep walking forward past the dining room table and stop in front of the stairs. 
aayBHfsNo7d walk behind the couch across the living room towards the stairs. turn slight right and head towards the stairs. Stop when you reach the stairs. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk out of the living room, away from the patio. Walk through the dining room and to the stairway. Stop at the foot of the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the room, turn left, walk all the way down the hallway to the open door, wait in the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the door to your right and walk past the entire railing.  Stop in the middle of the first doorway you enter. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the room, and take a left in the hallway. Walk down the hall and stop in the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead at the end of the hallway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the room with the toilet.  Turn left at the shower.  Exit the room with the beds.  Keep walking until you can turn right.  Walk outside and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom, exit the bedroom, turn right, exit the building, wait at the white pillar. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom, then go forward and exit the bedroom, turn right and go to the outdoor area, stop by the doors. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Facing the front of the church, walk past the next column.  Continue walking and stop in front of the entrance to the second row of pews from the left column. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk down the isle of the church stop after the big pillar and the third row of church pews. 
dhjEzFoUFzH walk straight with pews on left, stop before family area sign. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Enter the kitchen. Walk to the railing on the balcony past the table on the right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk between the kitchen counter and dining table and stop at the glass partition.  Look into the family room below and wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go into the kitchen and then at the end turn right. Then turn left at the stairs and go down. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and go towards the fireplace. Wait behind the couches. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go towards the stairs  Pass the stairs and go towards the back glass door.  Stop at the seaing that is before the doors. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward until you have reached stairs on your left. Turn to face the stairs and go up one step. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the living room, walk past the dining table, walk past the stairs, enter the sitting room, wait at the white couch. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk forward towards the living room.  Walk around the futon and into the bathroom. Stop inside the bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the stairs on your left and enter the room with the large wraparound couch.  Walk through this room and enter until just inside the bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk inside the room across the stairs. Turn slightly right and walk towards the bathroom and wait by the sink. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk down the hallway toward the office, go to the front door, wait at the top of the stairs to the left of the front door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bedroom and go down the hallway to the right. take a right and go towards teh bear and go down the first two stairs and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go down the hall along the railing, to the left of the door and past the back door and stand at the top of the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk across the room staying to the right until you reach some grey chairs. Turn left and walk up the short stairs and enter the leftmost room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Move forward and turn left once past the white couch. Continue up the first set of stairs and turn left, moving past the bar area into the home theater. Stop just inside the doorway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the couch, turn left, walk to the stairs, go up the stairs, turn left, enter the room, wait at the chair. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the stairs and take a right. Go down the hallway and into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. In the bedroom take a left and stop in the kitchenette area. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down stairs. Make right at bottom landing. Walk past home office. Walk past smoke detector. Wait at mini fridge. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the stairs. Turn right and walk across the hall past the open room and enter the room to your left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the ladies bathroom and turn left walk through the glass doors. Turn left again and walk towards the door with some chairs to the right. Wait by doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the bathroom and walk towards the round reception desk. take a left and walk towards the next round desk and enter the room first on your left. Stop in the doorway once you enter this room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go towards the glass walled area and through the doors. Go towards the row of lounge chairs, Go through the door to the left of the chairs and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around in till you can see the movie ticket on the wall to your left. Exit the room you're in by walking forward. Continue to walk forward until you're near the fireplace. Keeping the houseplant to your right walk forward to the stairs. Turn left, go up two stairs and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Continue down the hallway towards the fireplace. Go to the left and up the stairs. Wait on the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk through the door into the living room. Walk past the fireplace toward the entryway with stairs. Walk to the stairs and stop on the 2nd stair. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom, make a hard left and then make another hard left. Walk straight all the way down the hallway until you see a picture portrait of a girl with a basketball. Make a hard right into the bedroom and wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the barroom and take a left, and another left. Walk straight down the hall and take a right into the bedroom. Stop once you pass the door in the bedroom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the brown door. Take a left at the open hallway. Take another left and walk down the hall until your reach a picture on the wall. Make a right through the brown door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past brown leather recliner. Walk through open french doors. Make hard left opposite zebra painting. Wait at mirror. 
JeFG25nYj2p turn around and go through the door where the bookcase is on your left. keep walking down the hall into another hallway on your left, go down the hallway. and stop when you see the mirror on your right handside and shelves on your left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go do the marle hallway to the right of the large bookshelves. Turn left at the vending machines and stop when you see the small open closet area with drawers to the left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go to the bottom of the stairs. Turn right and go through the entry and stop at the top of the stairs going down. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs, turn left, go down the stairs, turn right, walk to the doorway to the living room, turn right, wait at the top of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the stairs and take a right. Go around the stairs and go down the second flight of stairs. Stop on the second stair from the right on the second flight. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Enter the house, walk around the glass table to the glass door, wait at the glass door by the curtain on the left side. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk into the house toward the round table. Walk through the living room toward the patio door. Stop next to the couch on your left before you reach the patio windows. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and follow the blue placemats until you reach the open doors in front of you. Go into the building and walk to the left of the table until you pass it. Wait in front of the doors. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk into the hallway towards the kitchen, and up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs to the left, wait at the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and face the living room. Go up the stairs on your left and stop at the landing. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head into the hall way and turn left. When you reach the open office door turn right down a hallway. Travel down the hall until you reach an open entryway to another hallway on your left. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the office and take a left. Walk down the hallway and take a right at the exit sign over head. Go down this hall and take the first left and stop outside the first office door on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through the doorway, and take a left. Walk all the way down the hallway, till you reach another hallway on the right. Walk until you reach another hallway on your right, and stop immediatly once you hit the hallway. 
PuKPg4mmafe Make a left out from behind the bar. Move down the hallway to the left, You'll see ahead of you a hallway that is marked with a beautiful tile floor and a floral arrangement sitting on top of it. You'll want to move towards the left and end your path near the business directory on the wall. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk up to the table and chairs. Turn left and walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the stairs and stop by the sign. 
PuKPg4mmafe Exit counters to large dining room. Turn left and enter large room. Walk straight and pass table and chairs. Turn left and walk to large hall on right. Stop next to big brass sign. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go to the white door at the end of the hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn 180 degrees around. Walk down the hallway until you get to the end of the hallway. You should see an unfinished room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk down the hallway to the closed door straight ahead, wait at the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the stairs, and take a right. Walk straight and take the second door on your left into the dining room. Stop once you are in the dining room entry. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the stairs. Make a right into the hallway. Make a left past the sconce on the left wall. Turn into the room with the dining set. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head down the stairs and go to the right at the mirror. Stop and wait at the dining room door. 
r47D5H71a5s Go to the door
Go to the plant
Go to the rocks
Go to the pool
Go to the treadmill. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and exit the room. Turn hard right and walk towards the treadmills. Wait by the first treadmill. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk around the bed and exit through the door on the left. Turn right and walk past the pool. Wait by the treadmill. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go straight down the hallway outside of the bedroom. Go straight and stop in front of the far door on the right, next to the light switch. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the hall to the wall, wait at the end of the hall. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the doorway, down the hallway over the rug, and stop at the end of the hallway and wait. 
cV4RVeZvu5T You are looking a a bed with a white comforter in front of you. Head through the open doorway on the right directly in front of you toward the stairs. Head up the stairs. Stop once you get to the top of he stairs. You will have a chair and more steps on your left and couch on your right. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the room and go towards, and up the small flight of stairs. Stop once you reach the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Make a left past the dresser. Exit the bedroom and continue up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go out of the bedroom and walk into the bedroom next to the video arcade game. In the room take a right and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Head towards the arcade machine and walk through the door to its immediate left.  take a left last the bath tub and wait in front of the bathroom door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the pool table, walk to the doorway to the left of the arcade machine, enter the bedroom, walk to the doorway on the left past the jacuzzi, wait at the door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk away from the glass doors behind you, and take a right through the glass doors on the right. Walk down the hallway and go through the second door on the right. Stop just outside of the bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the gallery and make a right and go into the hallway. Go to the right to walk past the table and walk past the room divider. Stand in the doorway of the room on the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the lobby, turn right, walk through the glass doors, walk down the hallway past the receptionist desk, turn right, enter the room. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the tables and go down the hallway to the left. Wait by the giant vase. 
ZMojNkEp431 go across the room and turn left at the bookshelf. Go straight and stop in front of the large vase. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn towards the white set of shelves, Pass by it to your left and go down the hallway towards a very large green glass vase.  Stop in front of the vase. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the living room, turn left, walk across the sitting room, enter the study, wait at the radiator. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the abstract painting over the drinks towards the large dining table.  Pass the table and stop at the entry of the room with the navy blue walls and bookshelves. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk towards the round table and take a left into the dining room.Walk towards the sailboat painting and take a left, then take a right and stand in the media room doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past orange ottomans. Walk down stairs. Walk behind orange leather chair. Wait curved metal wall. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk into the room with the orange chairs and go down the stairs into the living room. In the living room go to the right and head towards the door. Stop between the silver pillar and the window next to the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go through door past the two orange lounge chairs. Continue slightly right, past the orange seat. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs and go straight towards the decorative rug. Walk off the rug and stop before you go down the stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stiars, to the landing up the riest of the stairs, and forward over the rug, stopping at the next set of stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn around, and head up the stairs.  Go all the way to the top.  Walk straight ahead to the rug.  When you've walked the length of the rug, stop and wait there. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter the house, walk all the way through to the back patio, wait by the jacuzzi. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go through the doorway, past the stairs, towards then past the kitchen counter and out the back doors onto the patio and wait. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter the home and walk straight passed stairs and through living room, walk straight to end of couch, turn slight left and walk through glass door. Stop in front of bbq and hot tub. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn right and go towards exit. Travel passed the couch and out the doors heading towards the pool. Stop about 2 meters to the left of corner of the pool with the stairs on it. Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh You're going to walk outside to the pool.  Walk between the couch, on your right as you pass, and the table, on your left as you pass.  Walk though the large open doorway to the outside.  Stay on the marble pathway, and stop when you get to the pool. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Take a right and walk towards the dining table. Keep walking out the door, on the the tile near the pool going straight. Stop on the tile with the pool stairs on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the the room by the leftmost entrance. Wait on the edge of the carpet by the painting. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go to the left side of the couch and head toward the dining room. Step just inside the dining room and wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and make a left around the mauve sofa. Walk straight until you get to the white door frame. Walk into the room with the oriental rug. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk to the bedroom door, and exit the bedroom. Face the dining table and the backs of the couches. 
SN83YJsR3w2 head to the doors, walk a few steps into the dining room then walk a few steps right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the bedroom to the glass door, enter the dining room, wait by the grey rug. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down stairs, turn right and continue down stairs, stop at bottom of stairs at sauna. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs and stop at the sauna door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the first flight of stairs, turn right, walk down the stairs, wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right exiting the room. Outside the room turn left and walk towards the staircase and wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go into the bedroom with the yellow throw and walk through it out the door toward the stairs going down and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk out of the bathroom and exit the bedroom. Once out of the bedroom turn left and wait at the staircase. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the sauna into the massage room. Walk around the two massage beds and go through the door at the far left. Turn left and walk through the first door on the left. Wait near the sinks. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of sauna. Walk past glass display shelving. Make left out of sauna door. Walk past framed triptych. Make left at pendant lighting. Wait at planter half-wall. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the sauna and exit the massage room. In the massage room take a left. take the second left and enter the bathroom. Stop at the corner of the parttion before you reach the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk towards the pool, turn left and move down the hallway, stop at the first door, turn right and enter the room. 
r47D5H71a5s Enter the pool area, turn left and walk past the pool, turn left by the exercise equipment, go down the hall, turn right into the first door, wait between the beds. 
r47D5H71a5s Head straight towards the pool and turn left. Move passed the pool and turn left again. Move down the hallway passed the exercise equipment and enter the door on your right across from the exercise bike. Move between the two small beds and wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the entire hallway and stop inside of the doorway facing a zebra painting. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop at the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk to the end of the hall and stop by the painting. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk down the steps through the living room towards the mirror. Turn left and walk towards the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk across the living room and through the doorway and make a left and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY pass in front of couch and up steps to right, stop before steps in hallway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bathroom, turn right, exit the bedroom, go up the stairs, turn left, go up the stairs, wait in the doorway to the living room. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go up the small flight of stairs. Turn left and go up one more small set of stairs. Step into the doorway and wait. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around, go out of the bathroom through the door, and turn right.  Go up the stairs.  Then turn left and go up some more stairs.  Right before you go into the room, you'll stop there.  This appears to be a den/living room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bedroom and go straight once in the hallway. Walk straight and take your second left into the dining room, stopping in the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past the bed and turn right down the hall. Walk past the end table with the flowers down the hall. Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom to the hall. follow the hall straight when you pass the first set of doors go slight left to the room with the large table and chairs in it. Stop just before entering. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go across the room passed the chairs. turn left and enter the kitchen. Turn slight right to avoid the chairs and counter.continue passed the dining table and stop behind the couch. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Make a left into the doorway by the trash can. Make another left into the open doorway that leads to the dining set. Walk straight past the left side of the dining set into the wide arch doorway. Stop behind the brown sofa. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past chairs and turn left. Walk straight through kitchen to left of island.  Walk through dining room to living room and stand by couch. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk around the dining room table to your right, past the stairs into the bathroom on your left. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk towards the spiral stairs, pass by it, and enter the bathroom. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the dining room, walk down the hall to the left of the kitchen, enter the bathroom to the left of the stairs, wait at the toilet. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go left out of the bathroom the go in the first door on the left down the hallway. Go right into the bathroom and stand in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the room and keep walking. Turn left entering another room. Make a slight right turn near the bed and stop in front of the toilet bowl. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go into the hallway and then go left, then go into the first room on your left, next turn right and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go down the stairs, walk to the patio door, wait at the patio door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn left.  Walk past the chairs at the bar.  Turn right at the table and chairs and walk past the red couch.  Then you'll walk almost to the door and stop.  Wait there, inside. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk forward toward the living room and go down the stairs. take a right at the bottom of the stairs and walk straight. Stop between the window on the left, and the silver pillar. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Move forward towards the steps. go up the stairs and go right to the end of the hall. Wait just inside the last door on the left. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk through the large room passed the table and couch area towards the small set of steps on the other side. Walk up the steps and through the doorway. Walk passed the wall paintings and small table against the wall into the hallway between. Continue down the hall to the end where there is a pool area. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk up the stairs, walk down the hallway to the right of the mirror, enter the jacuzzi room, wait at the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go through the glass doors on the left, past the bed. Stop in the hallway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk across the bed into the hallway and wait in the middle of the hallway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight off of the balcony and into the hallway, and stop in the middle of the floor between the bedroom door and the balcony doors. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and go down the hallway to the left. Wait inside the first door on the left, number 344. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the room and turn left. Go inside the first door on the left and stand in front of the rug to the right of the tables. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room, go down the hallway and take a left into room 344. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go through the open door.  Face through the door, pass through the room by going striaght ahead and stop just past the door on the opposite side. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go through the door and past the console table.  Wait at the doorway facing out towards the stairway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room, walk through the living room, wait at the doorway to the hall that leads to the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right. Walk up the steps. Turn left. Turn left again. Stop in front of a wooden door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom, make a right. Go straight up the small flight of stairs and then make two quick lefts and then wait there. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom, turn right, go up the stairs, wait at the door to the left of the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the office, turn right, walk to the end of the hall, turn right, enter the bathroom, wait at the painting. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk towards the balcony and take a right into the hallway. Walk straight and take a right, then another right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the chevron picture on the wall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk towards railing. Turn right and walk down hallway towards feather painting. turn right at feather painting and walk down hallway. make first right into bathroom. stop when you enter the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk down the hallway with the art on the wall.  Enter the room directly in front of you and stop when you reach the carpet. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and go down the hallway with the photographs on the left wall. Step inside the bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk down the hallway with the photos on your left. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop just inside the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the dining room and walk in the direction of the couch ahead. Walk behind the couch and stop in front of the wall next to the oven. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go towards the archway past the dining table and into the room with the kitchen and family room.  Stop just inside the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn to the left.  GO past the table and chairs.  Continue through the hall way and you'll be in the kitchen/living room.  Go past a little bit of the counter, and a bar stool.  Then stop and wait. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom where you start by the middle door.  Turn left, and walk down the hall.  Enter another bedroom by the first doorway on your right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit room through door, turn left. Walk into hallway and enter first room on right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom, walk down the hall to the left of the stairs to the first door on the right past the cabinet, enter the bedroom, wait at the foot of the bed. 
2n8kARJN3HM go up towards the stairs all the way to the top you will see two doors , one leads to the right and one leads straight on. 
2n8kARJN3HM Keeping the stairway banister on your left, continue walking up the steps almost to the carpet. Turning again to your right, walk to the end of the carpet while keeping it on your left. Turn right towards the stairway. Walk up the stairway and stop and wait at the top of the stairway on the landing. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up three stairs
Go to the mat
Go up two stairs
Go up three stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and walk along the hall past the kitchen area. Walk towards the living room area and wait by the TV on the wall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the refrigerator. Keep walking past the dining room table and chairs. Keep walking into the living room. Stop in front of the fireplace. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk directly between the refrigerator and the island, straight through till you reach the fireplace. Stop directly in front of the television hanging on the fireplace. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around, facing the table with three legs you can see. Move straight until you're standing just in front of it. Make a slight left to go around and just past the table, with the green window on your left. Move straight in front of the door and hang a slight right and stop at the corner of the green marbled table. Move straight, stop and wait halfway between the first two green marbled tables. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go onto the patio.Turn left and go until until you reach the rectangular table. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go left outside and stop between the first and second set of tables and chairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and pass the stairs  Wait facing the large rustic bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and turn left, going through the living area, then take a right and enter the bedroom, stopping in the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk out of bathroom and turn left. Walk through living room and wait by door on right side of room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out of bedroom and turn left. Walk down to end of hall. Turn left into bedroom. Walk to bathroom and wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom and go to your left. Go into the next bedroom on your left. Stand in the entrance to the bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around approximately 90 degrees, then move toward the wooden support pillar in front of you. Hang a slight left and move into the open wooden door frame. Turn slightly left and move into the bathroom. After you've entered, turn right and wait in front of the open shower curtain, facing it. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk past bedroom door. Make right down hallway. Walk past ceiling rafter. Wait at open door on left. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the room and turn right. Keep walking across the room and hallway and wait in middle of the hallway between two door entrances. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk through the door and out of the attic bedroom. Turn right and walk down the small corridor to a living room with a glass coffee table.Walk past the coffee table and down the long corridor which has a settee to the left before entering the corridor. Wait in the corridor at the first doors you come to, with open doors on both the left and the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight along the gray path on the floor.  Walk past the two benches on your right and then enter the doorway after them.  Stand a couple steps in from the door in front of the rounded edging of the table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight down the hallway and past the seating area.  Turn right at the double doors.  Continue until you're at this marble looking table and wait. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hallway past the two hampers. Go through the double doors into the room with a large table and several fountains along the walls. Stop in front of the table. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the kitchen, walk down the stairs to the slight right, wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk rightward around the kitchen and walk through the door. Keep walking straight down some steps and wait just before the door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go in the kitchen and out the other door.  Walk toward the stairs, and go down them, and wait inside the back door with a dark shelf next to it. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go up the stairs toward the mirror, turn left toward the rug, and turn out the door the rug is in front of. Wait outside in front of the door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go up the stairs and take a left. Go down the hall and take another left. Leave the house through the first door and stop just after you are off the welcome mat. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Finish walking up the stairs. Turn left and walk to the carpet. Turn left again and exit through the door and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Head between the two desks then walk towards the dual entryways wait in front of the hammock to the left of the left entryway. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go to the right, near the down arrow hanging from the balcony.  Turn left into the next room and stop in front of the hammock. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to your right towards the wooden down arrow sign hanging from the ceiling. When you see the floor-length Impact Hub sign turn to your left. Walk over to the hammock and stand just in front of it. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk straight through the kitchen and wait on the second to last stair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the room and take a right. Walk straight past the kitchen and into the living room. Go down the first three steps and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bedroom, walk down the stairs to the right of the wine case, wait halfway down the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge From the top of the stairs make a right and walk through the entryway then make a left and go down the hall. Walk to the room at the end of the hall and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk down hall toward bedroom, turn left at hallway, turn slight left into next hallway. turn slight right to bedroom, walk into bedroom and stop at dresser. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go down the hall to the right at the top of the stairs. Take a left down the hallway and go straight into the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go down the hallway and turn left at the first doorway.  Go through, across an animal skin, and then turn left.  Go into the laundry room.  Stand just at the doorway and wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Move forward down the hallway, past the open double doors. Make a right and go around the stairs.  Enter the room on the left past the bear rug. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk through the hallway to the stairway, turn left, walk past the stairs, enter the laundry room, wait at the washer. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk towards door that leads to out area, take a left on walkway, stop before the two stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk through the living room toward the patio. Walk on the patio and take a left. Stop next to the bush next the walkway before the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and walk to your right, along the beige sectional sofa. Walk through the wide open doorway. Take a left onto the stone path in front of the stairs outside. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk to the left down the hallway. Take the second right, then the first left into the bathroom. Stop inside the bathroom doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go down a hallway past the display shelves on one side and the kitchen on the other side. Veer to the right to the open doorway of the bathroom, and wait at the bathroom doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past wall sconces. Wait at bathroom vanity. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straightly with upstairs.Then enter in to wash room. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past two leather chairs, towards three hardwood steps.
Walk up the three steps and down the hallway towards the bathroom
walk into the bathroom and stop just past the sink. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk forward and go up the three stairs. Go into the bathroom on the right and stop in front of the sink. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o walk forward into the dining room and turn towards the fireplace. Walk towards the double arched doors and take a left. In the hall step onto the brick on the right and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk between the two tables and take a left. Walk between those two tables and turn right at the fireplace. Walk forward with the table to your right and go through the doors on the left. Wait near the stairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go around the table to your immediate left, heading to the doorway at the left of the room. Go through the doorway, turn right and stop just at the tile. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go past the bed and down the hallway. Continue until you are in the doorway of the room at the end of the hall. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past dresser. Walk past bathroom. Wait in threshold of open door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bedroom and go down the hall. Walk to the end of the hall and enter the empty bedroom at the end. Stop inside the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk past bottom of stairs. Make right on carpet runner. Make left through archway. Wait at open bathroom door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk past the stairs and turn right. Take the first left and wait at the intersection of the other hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk around the staircase and then go through the hallway on the right and turn left at the first door. Then wait next to the bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A go through wooden door next to windows, and straight ahead, turn left into bathroom at end of hall. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk through the doorway to the left of the lighted sculptures on the ground. Continue straight until you pass a long horizontal mirror on your right. Turn right and walk towards the first toilet. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the door to the left of the glowing circles. Continue past the mirror to the large standing cabinet on the right. Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom.  Once outside, turn right and enter the adjacent bedroom.  Stop in the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, enter the hallway, enter the bedroom on the right, wait at the bed. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bathroom and bedroom and go into the hallway. In the hall take a right, then the next right into the bedroom. Stop once you are past the door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk from the small pool and make a left so you are in front of the pool then make another left so you are in front of the big pool. Walk straight to the black door and wait inside the door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk around the pool and go into the house through the door on the left. Stop once you enter the house, and are past the door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN turn slight left and follow path along bushes, turn slight left and walk along concrete walk to open door, stand in doorway facing picture. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around until you are facing the room with the piano. Go out first door on the left, make a left in the dining room, walk through dining room, towards den. Stop in front of the first blue den chair on the left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left. Turn left again into the doorway across from the beige floor rug. Make another left down the left side of the beige rug. Go to the room beyond the wide brown door frame. 
2n8kARJN3HM turn around and go through the door to your left. Walk left past the dinning table and stop behind the black chair. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk straight passing the sink faucet granite counter. Keep walking straight to enter the door leading towards the office glass table and stop there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the kitchen, and past the pantry cabinets. Walk into the dining room and stop outside of the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn to the left and walk down the kitchen past the center countertop. Walk down the hallway and stop in front of the open door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward into the dining room and out at the other end. Once out of the dining room take a right and go down the hallway into the theater. Stop in the doorway to the theater. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk through dining room, turn right and enter hallway walk straight in hallway, follow hallway slight left passed the wine fridge, stop in theater at stairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward until you step off of the carpet and onto the wooden floor. While keeping the table to your right, walk forward to the edge of the table. Veer slightly to the right to avoid bumping the table on your left containing the lamp. Walk forward until you pass the edge of the table, turn slightly left. Walk down the hallway keeping the open kitchen door to your right. Walk past the plug-in on the right wall and out of the hallway. Enter the room on your left with the open archway. Walk forward until you reach mid-point of the table on your left. Turning slightly to your right walk onto the round carpet and wait. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk through the kitchen to the stairs.  Go up three steps and then stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the kitchen toward the stairs, go up the first flight of stairs, wait on the landing. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn to the left and head toward the stairs, stop on the third one. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bedroom, walk to the mirror at the top of the stairs, enter the foyer, wait at the front door of the house. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of bedroom and turn right into hallway. Walk down and wait on rug in front of doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX exit bedroom to hallway. follow hallway to the left, walk straight passed mirror and stop on rug. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit bathroom to bedroom, turn left , walk to door going outside. stop outside on porch. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom. Go out of the bedroom through the patio door. Stop once you are on the patio. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the bathroom and go straight into the bedroom. Make a left to go to the hall then make a slight right and wait in the doorway of the side door going outside. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Exit the bathroom through the doorway and turn left. Walk on the carpet toward the bed. Turn left on the hardwood flooring and wait by the kitchen sink. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 exit bathroom and turn left, pass wall and turn left again, stop at sink. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Turn right and exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk towards the bed. Turn left again and wait by the kitchen sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn to the left.  Walk into The bedroom.  Turn left again, walk past the bed.  Turn left again and into the master bathroom, walk past the master shower.  Walk toward the little room where the toilet is.  Stop before entering it. 
1pXnuDYAj8r enter bedroom and turn left walk left to door, turn left and enter bathroom, walk slight left around shower, stop before toilet and closet. 
sKLMLpTHeUy walk down the stairs. Stop at the end of the first black railing on your left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk down stairs. Walk past stair railing. Wait at frosted glass door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk down the steps to the fist platform. Take one step forward toward the brick wall. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Facing the lockers, leave the locker room through the door on the right. Step into the middle of this room and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the locker room door, and into the lobby. Stop half way into the lobby facing the door with the dark curved shape on it and framed art work on either side. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through doorway passed the lockers and through second doorway, walk straight halfway through the room and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs. Walk straight and turn right before the descending set of stairs. Wait by the ascending staircase. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs and go straight.Take your third right, and go up two stairs and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs, walk through the hallway to the top of the stairs, turn right, wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go to the tub
Go to the rug
Go to the couch
Go to the thermostat
Go to the electrical receptacle
Go to the bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Take the first left past the bed and go around the pool table. Go straight and pass the recliners and enter the room straight ahead. Stop once you are past the door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd leave bedroom to game room. turn slight left and walk between pool table and chairs, enter hallway, walk straight and stop at edge of bed. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk up the stairs, walk to the bathroom door, wait at the painting. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk straight and go up the white stairs. At the top of the stairs take a left and stop outside the bathroom. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk to the stairs.  Turn left.  Wait by the painting in the hallway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk up the stairs and take a left. Go down these stairs and walk down the narrow hallway. In the hallway take the second door on your left, and a right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go to the wastebasket
Go to the vase
Go down two steps
Go three steps
Go to the light switch
Go to the bedroom door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk through the lobby, go down the stairs to the left. Continue down the hallway; take the second left, and then a right. Stop in the bedroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF go to the doorway and go straight down the doorway and stop right in the middle of the bed. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall, enter the bedroom, wait at the bed. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bathroom and enter the hallway. Go down the hall into the bedroom. Stop next to the bench at the end of the bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk around table. Walk half way up stairs and wait. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk towards the stairs and go up them. Stop on the fourth from the bottom stair. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go to the right of the wooden table. Turn left and go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room and go right.  Walk past the bar and stop in the center of the big open room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through door, take a right, stop right before the coach the chair in the middle. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the laundry room and take a right. Go straight towards the round table, and stop before you reach the couch between the table and couch. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom to the hallway. In the hallway take a right and take another right in the office which is the first room on the right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn right and exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom via the left door. Turn right and walk along the hallway. Wait by the first door to your right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out the door.  Walk out the bedroom door to the hallway. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Wait by the next door on your right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go all the way to the other end of the hallway, and stop just inside the door of the bathroom to the left. 
s8pcmisQ38h turn around and walk down the hall and then keep going straight down the skinny hallway once you get to a wall take a left and stop in the doorway. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down the hallway towards the stair well. At the end of the hallway enter the bedroom on your left. Stop next to the door in the bedroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit through the open door and make an immediate left. Enter the second room on your left, which is the bathroom and wait just inside the bathroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the pine door into the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the second door on your right. Stop in the bathroom once you pass the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the door leading into the home. Take a slight left and go straight across to the room on the left. Wait here in the bathroom. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Walk past pews. Wait at floral arrangement. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Turn around and walk to the beginning of the aisle. Stand ahead of the pews in the canter. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Go into the church and walk straight down the aisle. Stop once you pass the first set of pews. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk up the steps and in the front door of the building. Go straight past the stairs and into the living room and kitchen. Wait by the counter. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk inside and go straight across to the room past the stair case. Wait here in the living area. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk up the circular shaped stairs and past the doormat.  Continue forward and take a step down onto the wooden floor.  Stop in front of the open book on the blue counter. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the kitchen until you reach two doors.  Walk through the door on the left and stop after stepping into the room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the sitting room, walk through the kitchen, enter the dining room, wait at the armoire. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn to the right until you see the counter. Walk around the counter and to the kitchen sink. Walk straight ahead through the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the den and take a right. Go up the stairs and stick to the corridor on the right. Go out the front door and stop in the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out through the door into the hallway. Turn right in the hall and walk up the small set of stairs Turn the corner towards the front door and walk passed the the wooden cabinet and through the front door near the potted plants outside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Move forward into front of the cabinet. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Turn left and walk forward past the wooden shelves. Go through the doorway and stop on the welcome mat. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the closet and go through the fitness room. Once past the fitness room take the first left into the bathroom and stop next to the light switch. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Move forward with the shelves of shoes to your right. Turn right when you reach the shelves with sweaters. Move forward and pass the gym equipment to your left. Turn left when you reach the doorway to the bathroom on the right. Move forward and stop just after you pass the light switches to your right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk to the other side of the closet where the baskets are. Turn right and keep going past the exercise room. Turn left and go into the bathroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk through the door. Turn left. Walk past the table. Turn left. Stop next to the bar stools. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go straight and then turn to the left, walk between the pillar and the island.  Head towards the living room. Wait in front of the tables by the couch. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk out of the kitchen with the sink on your left. Turn around and walk into the dining room. Stop behind the middle bench on the breakfast bar. 
rPc6DW4iMge Open the shower door and step out. Turn right. Walk out the door. Make a hard right and walk into the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge exit bathroom to hall, turn right and continue down hall into the bedroom, Stop at the dresser. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Keep going until you enter the bedroom and then stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn left and walk past the countertop. Walk forward then turn right at the food shelves. Turn left and walk open to the door with the wooden slats. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk out of the room to the left of the television. walk straight in the kitchen and take a right into the dining room. In the dining room take a left, walk straight, and stop in the doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn to your left and walk into the kitchen. Just before you get to the refrigerator make a right out of the kitchen and go left towards the door.  Wait at the door next to the hat rack on your left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go to the right and take a right. Then go straight and into the bedroom. Stop next to the plants in the bedroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn to the right   Walk through the double doors to the right.  Turn right again and walk past the couch, through the kitchen area.  And on into the bedroom.  Stop there.  Wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the entryway, turn right, walk through the sitting room, walk through the kitchen, enter the bedroom, wait at the table with the bird sculpture. 
r47D5H71a5s walk out the door. Turn left immediately and walk into the next door. Stop before the double sinks. 
r47D5H71a5s Proceed straight through wooden door. Turn left and enter doorway immediately at your left. Stay to the left and walk straight past wooden rock and plant display and towards sinks. Wait behind metal trashcan and next to corner of rock 
 and plant display. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the hallway and make a left.  Then walk through the door to your left and walk into the bathroomand wait in front of the double sinks. 
aayBHfsNo7d leave the room and go two doors to the right. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Walk forward and enter the bedroom through the second door on the right. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d exit bathroom, turn right into bedroom. Walk straight into hallway. turn right  and walk straight to stairs., stop at stairs and bedroom doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk downstairs, stop at the bottom and take a left towards the open area, stop at the middle of the long gray lounger. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the stairs. Make a left and go toward the piano. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk down the stairs. Turn left. Turn left again and walk towards piano. Stop at piano. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the kitchen and take a left. Take the next left and go straight down the hallway. Go into the bathroom through the third door on your right and stop in the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the kitchen, turn hard left, walk down hallway, turn right at the brown door, walk down the hallway, enter the bathroom wait at the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go to the door out of the kitchen. and through the small hallway to the left of the dining room with the large table.  Turn into the door as soon as you pass a painting of a boy walking on a beach. 
ac26ZMwG7aT walk down the hall past the double glass doors on your left. Stop after entering the doorway at the end of the hall. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go down the hall, past the boating picture, into the room with two couches. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Facing the patio door take a right and walk down the hallway. Enter the TV room at the end of the hallway and stand next to the lamp. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk between counter and stove across  kitchen and stop in the middle of dinning room. 
29hnd4uzFmX walk between the refrigerator and counter. stop when you pass the kitchen sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the kitchen, wait at the potted plant. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the doorway, walk directly in the doorway on the right side of the one you walked through, stop in front of table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the procedure room and take a right. Enter the room directly to the right. Stand in front of the cabinet near the thermostat. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit bath, to main hall. Turn 180 degrees and enter massage room slight left. stop at massage table. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the hallway toward the blue bean bag and pool table. Turn left into the hallway and stop at the balcony railing. 
1pXnuDYAj8r leave room go straight down hall way to hallway on left. Turn left and go straight. Stop at balcony on right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Take a right. Take a left and wait by the desk. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn slightly left and walk forward. Keep walking forward, past the staircase. Walk forward into the living room.  Stop in front of the open screen door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Make a right around the closet corner. Walk straight down until you reach the sliding glass door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go right and continue to the glass door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the hallway and into the first bedroom, stopping just inside the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight towards the stairs. Pass the stairs and enter the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway in the bedroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk by bottom of stairs and continue straight until you go through door, stop in bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past pair of wall mirrors. Walk into casual dining room. Walk past maroon pitcher. Walk past stove. Wait at formal dining room door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hall towards the open double doors ahead. Walk through the doors and towards the kitchen area. Walk past the counter and into the kitchen. Continue passed the oven and stove towards the open door near the stove. Walk through the door and into the dining room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Enter the kitchen area to the right of the chandelier. Walk through the kitchen and stop in the entryway of the dining room. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk to the right and towards the purple couch. Take a right and go up the stairs into the bedroom. Stop next to the bedroom door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk to the right walking past the colored recliners to your left.   Take a right turn after the sink to walk up the stairs.  Enter the door above the stairs to enter a bedroom area.  Stop a couple steps in from the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk past the red cupboards and the red chairs. Take a right at the sink and walk up the stairs. Wait in the bedroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left. Proceed straight ahead until you come to a couple of steps.  There will be a swimming pool on your right. Continue straight ahead until you come to a table and chairs in the corner of the portico. There is a small bush almost directly and slightly to the right of you in front of the table and chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk along the brick path to the left. Walk up the two steps and go past the hot tub on the right. Walk down the two steps on the left and go through the rock garden. Wait near the patio chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down the path on the patio, go up the steps, go across the rocks to the first patio chair on the left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go out from here. Then take right side near upstairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Leave the theater and go straight passing the counter, and moving in the direction of the stairs. Take the second left past the counter and stop in he doorway to the sink. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Leave the room through the door on the left and go straight across to the bottom of the spiral staircase, then go to the door on the right underneath the staircase. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Move forward towards the wall then turn left to head towards the living room. Keep going forward until you reach the couch, then turn right and wait on the steps. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk behind couch, turn right and go up steps, stop on third step. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Head toward the red chairs a little bit to your right. Standing behind the chairs there will be two sets of stars to your right. Head up the stairs on the left and stop there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hallway towards the first exit sign on your right, take a left down the hallway right in front of the exit sign, take a left down the first hallway, stop under the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk across the hall. Turn left on the first hallway to your left. Keep walking and turn left again on the first hallway to your left. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go down the hall, make a left, continue down hall until you get to an exit sign on the left, then stop at the exit sign. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and go down the hallway.  Turn to the right at the end of the hallway. Stop by the water cooler.  Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk all the way straight down the hallway. Turn right on the very first corner of the wall and stop right outside the water filter. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward down the strip of gray tiling until you come to a brown cabinet on your right. Take a couple more steps forward and turn right. Staying on the gray tile, walk forward until you're even with the second lounge chair on the left. Stop and wait. 
b8cTxDM8gDG You'll see a hallway.  When you get past the double doors, there will be a door open and you'll enter that room. Turn right and go in there.  Walk past the base of the beds.  Walk a few more feet and then stop at the entrance to the bathroom.  Wait by the first sink. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the hall and through the second door on the right. Wait on the other side of the bedroom in the bathroom doorway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight down hallway, turn right into the open door, turn left, walk passed the beds into the bathroom and stop in the doorway. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk down the hallway along the stairwell on your left. Take a left at the end of the hall, and  stop on the rug at the foot of the bed closest to the bathtub. 
JF19kD82Mey Turn to the left then walk down the long hallway, continue moving forward until you enter the bedroom. Walking forward and to your left walk to the end of the bed. Turn left and walk forward to you reach the corner of the bed stop and wait. 
JF19kD82Mey Go down the hallway on the left, continue into the bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk into the kitchen towards the stove and go out of the kitchen through he door at the end of the room. Go to the stairs and take a left into the living room. Stop in front of the ottoman in the living room. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around behind and walk across the kitchen and stop in front of the stairs. Turn left into the first room and wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walked past sink, turn right at oven and walk straight. Turn left into doorway. Walk towards stairway, go straight, and turn left and wait at large doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the bathroom, and take a right. Go forward into the dining room and stop once you are inside the dining room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Wait in the doorway of the dining room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through through doorway right of the mirror. Turn right and walk towards the door. Wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk on the balcony area passed the two chairs. Walk through the doorway on the other side of the chairs and into the home. Walk around the bed and through the open entry that leads to the bathroom area. Stop in the hallway before the door to the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk across the balcony past the chairs and into the bedroom. walk to the left of the bed. Walk into the closet and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the doorway between the two white chairs on the porch, walk into the bedroom and walk through the doorway on your right hand side, walk through hallway and stop before the bathroom door. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the bathroom and take a right. Enter the massage room that is two doors down on the right. Go into the sauna room that is the first door on the right. Stop right next to the table in the middle. 
r47D5H71a5s Go forward, take a slight and then go forward a little more, take a right, go forward, take a left then take a right. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn right in front of the plants and walk into the room past the glass shelf. Walk across the room into the sauna. Stop just inside the sauna. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs, turn left at the landing and go down the stairs again to the very bottom. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs. Make a left and go down more stairs. Stop at the tan chair beneath the painting. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the wooden flight of stairs with the paintings on the wall. Stop at the bottom of the stairs facing the armchair and checkerboard side table below. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk out the door left of the second fire place, then ascend the stairs to the right and wait on the top step between the winding stair cases. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk forward throuhg the sitting room passing the fireplace with the sitting area on your left to exit the room. Out of the room take a right and go  up the marble stairs. Stop on the top of the marble stairs next tot he left pillar. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight and turn right. You can see near pillars and upstairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave the bedroom and walk straight down the hall. Once you pass the brown leather chairs on your left, take the left to the bedroom. Stop in the doorway before you enter the bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the door on the left and go down the hall until you reach the chairs. Pass the chairs and stop at the door on the left. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through the door of the bedroom, walk straight towards the farthest brown leather chair and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left at the end of the hall. Walk forward and turn right and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and head down the hall, turning right, then left, then right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go through the door. Turn right and go down the hallway to the Exit sign. Make a left and go straight until the hallway turns right. Keep doing down the hallway and stop at the first door on the right. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Take a left after the dresser and walk out of the room. Wait in the hallway just outside the room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the walk-in closet and stop in front of the door that leads to the room with the toilet in it. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk straight passing the shoe rack. Keep walking and stop outside the restroom door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward until you pass the drain in the floor. Continue forward between the two chairs and enter the sliding glass door. Enter the bedroom. While walking forward pass between the chair and the corner of the bed. Go forward then wait in the doorway right past the brown paneling. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Move across the patio and pass through the two white chairs near the doorway. Pass through the doorway and turn left. Move forward with the bed to your right. Move across the carpet with the grey chair just to your left and then stop at the doorway to the hallway with five pictures on the wall. 
sKLMLpTHeUy GO to the right, between the two metal white chairs.  Turn left at the bed and walk past it.  Then, just as you're entering the hallway, stop.  Wait. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn and walk through the door that leads to the hall. Make a left and walk all the way down to the end of the hall until you reach the skinny white wall. 
s8pcmisQ38h Leave the bedroom and take a left. Walk down the hall and through the sitting area. Stop in the hallway before you reach the doors to the bedroom. 
s8pcmisQ38h Enter the hallway, turn left and walk down the hall and across the loft. Wait in the hallway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the stairs and take a right to continue up more stairs. Stop once you are the top of the second flight of stairs with a pink door in front of you. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the stairs, stop at the top. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk up stairs. Walk past door. Walk up stairs. Wait at end of stair railing. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go through the double doors. Turn left and go through the archway and through the door to the bedroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right and walk out of the room. Take a left and then take another left. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 go out of the office and into the bedrom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA walk by sink and through arch, stop at opening. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk straight and out of the bathroom. Wait in the entryway of the house. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the room along the counter top past the sink. Walk through the open arched door ahead. Continue forward into the next hallway and walk through the next arch towards the room ahead with a piano. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk towards the mirror then turn right. Exit the bathroom and take the doorway on the left. Go past the wooden shelves and into the conference room. Go through the door turn right at the first doorway and then enter the room. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and go slightly left through the second door across the hall. Walk through the double doors on the left. Enter the first door on the right and wait inside near the sitting area. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn right and walk towards the mirror. Turn right again and exit the bathroom via the left door. Turn right and walk through the other doorway. Walk across the office and take the hallway to the left. Enter the first room to the right with a painting on the wall. 
82sE5b5pLXE Angle yourself so the wall is on your left and walk until you reach a door and some potted plants.  Stop when you get to the first potted plant. 
82sE5b5pLXE Follow the walkway to the door. Stop at the doorway with the plant. 
82sE5b5pLXE Keep walking straight all the way and stop beside the two plant pots. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the hallway passed the colorful floor rug and art on the walls. Walk through the first open door on the right into a bathroom area. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the hallway on the ornate rug. Past the rug take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn slightly left and walk along the hallway with the carpet. Turn right on the first doorway to your right. Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go past the picture with a lady, out of the room and into the foyer.  Walk past the dining room and stop on the side of the stairs under a ceiling fan facing the back of a couch. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Take right and go straight and turn left . near bench and out of door and upstairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk pas the vase and turn right. Walk into the hallway to the left. Turn left and walk into the living room and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn to the right and walk down the hallway.  Walk till you can turn to the right and walk past the fireplace.  Walk towards the chairs.  Then turn to the right and go stand by the first open door.  Wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn right. Walk past the fireplace and walk to the right of the glass case. Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and take a left. Walk straight. Take a right and walk past the stairs and the fireplace. Keep walking straight and wait in the doorway of the room to the right of the hutch. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 enter butler's pantry from dining room and go straight to kitchen.turn right in kitchen and walk between kitchen island and fridge. turn right and stop by light switches on your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into the open arched door to the kitchen area. Walk around the center island counter towards the refrigerator. Walk around the refrigerator and through the arched door on the other side into the hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the closet and into the kitchen area. Turn right and walk by the refrigerator. Turn right and walk out of the kitchen and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR go down stairs, turn left at the bottom of the stairs, walk into the bedroom and stop by the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR go downstairs and turn left, enter bedroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go down the stairs, take the first left and enter the bedroom, stopping just inside the room. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk straight ahead. Wait in between the couches. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go do pathway on the left, near the house, until you get to the first chair on the right with the blue pillow. Go behind the chair and ten stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Stay on the tile and walk to the sitting area on the patio. Stop between the first set of pillars behind the patio chair. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the doors and into the hallway with a red floor rug. Walk down the hall into the open door ahead long the red floor rug. Walk up the small set of marble steps through the door. Walk up the steps up the right stairwell and stop on the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Make left at candelabra floor lamp. Walk past fire extinguisher. Walk up white marble steps. Make right at top of marble stair landing. Wait on second step from bottom. 
VLzqgDo317F With the round table behind you walk out of the room and take a left. walk on the red rug down the hall and out of the room into the foyer. In the foyer walk up the marble stairs, and stop on the second stair from the bottom on the right staircase. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the living room towards the dining room table. Past the table take a left into the wine room. Stop in the doorway to the wine room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the island. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Turn left and stop in the doorway of the wine room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 walk across kitchen in front of counter, walk straight to stairs. turn left at stairs and left at open door. stop in the wine room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk down the walkway and enter the second door on the right. Wait inside the bedroom by the chair. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk along the banister rail down the hallway passing the small side table with a lamp on top. Walk into the next open door on the right with a written plaque avove the door. Walk into the room with a patchwork blanket on the bed. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj go down the hallway to the room with the teddy bear on the bed. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk forward and leave the bedroom. Stop outside of the bedroom before you go down the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go past the bed and the daybed. Enter the door on the right. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the curtain and through the doorway on the right. Stop in front of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk through the doorway, then walk into the next doorway on your left. Walk past the couch on your left, and past the stairs on your right. Walk through the hallway that is past the staircase, Walk through the first door on your left and stop immediatly after walking through. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the bathroom and make a left to go out the bedroom door. Walk straight towards the staircase, then make a slight left to keep go to the hall across from the stairs. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall and wait by the door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the bathroom and bedroom and go into the family room. Walk down the hall passing the stair son your right and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop inside the doorway of the bedroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go towards the Christmas trees ahead.Turn left and go out the door on the left. Then go through the door on the right. Follow the rug to the top of the stairs. Take a left and go into the room with the mirror above the desk. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn to the left, walk past the bed and then turn left and walk out of the room. Turn to the right and into a little hallway. Go to the top of the stairs and then wait. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and exit the room. Take a right and then your first left. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG go up the stairway with the handrail until you get to the bathroom.  Go through the bathroom and into the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG go up the first 5 steps and turn left on the landing, continue up the stairs, make a right on the 2nd landing, walk straight through the bathroom, stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk up stairs. Make hard left at stair landing. Walk up stairs. Make hard right window. Walk past tub on right. Wait at threshold of open bedroom door. 
EDJbREhghzL Make a left out of the room. Go right, towards the stairs. Pass the stairs and the bar. The room will be on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the sitting area and take a left. Go down the hall towards the stairs. Pass the stairs and go to the sitting area near the fireplace. Stop next to the round end table. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn right and walk along the hall. Turn right and cross the doorway. Walk towards the stairs and then towards the sofas. Wait by the white and gold sofa. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk across the dining area. Turn left and walk towards the exit doors to the left. Walk through the doors and exit the house. Wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward passing the table on the left and take a left at the walkway and head to the main entry door on the left. Step outside of the door and stand on the welcome mat. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the dining table and take a right. Continue straight past the first support beam on the left, then turn left and walk towards the front door. Wait just outside the door. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn slightly right and exit the room. Turn right and walk across the hallway. Turn left and walk towards the air vent on the right wall. Wait there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through your doorway on your right, and turn right in the room and walk all the way to the end...passing a table on your left with a pottery vase on top. Turn left, and stop once you reach the beginning of the hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past yellow extension cord. Walk past hanging wires. Walk past console table. Turn left opposite piece of grey carpet. Wait at wall vent. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right and go straight near board our target. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward into the work space and go down the second set of black stairs on your left. walk around the easel and stop next to the unicycle. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight and past the sign and tale a left. Walk down the stairs. Take a right and wait in front of the unicycle. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and walk across the hall. Walk across the bedroom area and enter the doorway to your left. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn to the left. Walk down the hallway and through the door at the end of the hall. Move through the bedroom. Walk through the door at the left on the end of the bedroom. Stop at the doorway on the inside on the empty room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down the narrow hallway beside the stairway and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Make a slight left and go into the narrow door that goes to the room with benches at the windows. Go into the room and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the open double entry doors to the home. Turn left and walk through the first arched door with an statue bust near the doorway. Walk into the hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter the building, take the first left and stop in the first doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn right and enter the building. Turn left and enter the closest and leftmost doorway. Wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk through room and turn right before white couch, walk up the two flights of stairs, stop at the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the credenza and take a right up the stairs. Go up the full flight of stairs and stop next to the bench in the kitchen. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the bar.  Turn to the right and go up the stairs to the landing.  Turn right and continue up the stairs.  Wait when you get the top. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk forward and slightly left. Walk near the fountains, next to the lounge chairs. Wait near the pool steps. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk towards pool and continue to the right alongside it. Stay to the left of the lounging chairs and wait after you pass the last one, which is larger and round. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight along side the pool and wait next to the small waterfall. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through doorway, take a right down the hallway, stop right after the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Step into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hallway and wait in front of the door with 376 on it. 
B6ByNegPMKs To take right and go.Then stop at opp side room. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go straight down the walkway and stop at the end, just after the railing. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn about 45 degress to the right.
Walk through the doorway.
Turn 45 degrees to the left.
Walk straight down the hallway along the banister.
Stop at the end of the hall between the two doors. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Veer to the right slightly. Walk into a hallway, continue going straight, past the staircase.  When you get to a wooden doorway, stop there, and wait. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk forward onto the stone floor and follow the hallway. Stop next to the chair on your left at the entrance to the living room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go down the white brick hallway with the potted shrubs. Continue until you reach the second white chair. Stop at the edge of the last chair. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn slightly right and walk along the hallway. Turn wait on the hallway when there are sofas to your right. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward into, and down the middle of the work space. Walk forward until you reach a white pail on the floor next to a desk with a black chair and two tan chairs and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk all the way down the room until you pass the ping-pong table, and stop at the table nearest the entrance on your left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward and slightly left towards the exit doors and between the desks. Continue towards the exit doors past the "IMPACT HUB Trieste" sign on the left and proceed forward underneath the brick arched area. A few feet past the brick arched area walk straight towards the exit doors leading outside. Stop when you are standing between the steps and the desk with the white pail shaped trash can. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter the room with the large rounded mirror on the left. Go straight and turn left to go through the door ahead. Stop at the hallway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the dining room, and take a left past the table. Walk into the hall and stop beyond the entry next to the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk around the dining table until you get to the table with the horse statue on it.  Turn left at the horse and stop walking after you step through the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go straight through the door, take a left, and then take your first right before stopping. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left for 3 paces. Turn right and walk toward front door. stop at picture to right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the bedroom and take a left. Walk into the main area and take a right. Stop in front of the cutout with the art in it. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk all the way across the room and wait by the lounge chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk between the couch and the dining room table and chairs. Stop behind the outdoor chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go away from the stairs towards the large window, walking between the couches and the dining table.  Wait when you reach the rug. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past bed. Walk past green double chaises. Wait at threshold of white door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through the hallway, towards the yellow couch. Stop in the doorway directly right of the couch. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn slightly right and walk across the room. Exit the room by the rightmost door and wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go down the stairs and take a left. Enter the dining room through the door on our left. Walk to the kitchen and stop on the white tile in front of the refrigerator. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 go down stairs, turn left at the bottom of the stairs, go straight, walk through the door way, turn left before the table, turn left into the kitchen, stop beside the refrigerator. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk down the stairs and make a left walk past the dining room table. At the end of the table make a left and in the kitchen. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk forward into the living room and take a left into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop right before the patio door on your right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the stairs and take a left. Stop just past the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk onto the wooden floor and go into the living area.  Turn left at the piano and stop immediately after passing the stairs when you are in the entrance to the kitchen. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room and take a right. Stop at the corner on the banister that in near the corner with the drum. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk out of the room through the door on the right. Turn right and follow the wall past the bathroom door. Wait near the wooden railings. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk out of the door on the right. Make a slight right turn and stand by the banister. 
vyrNrziPKCB At the base of the stairs, take the path to the right and walk past the black table and water fountain.  Step onto the rocks and stop just before stepping onto the blue basketball court. 
vyrNrziPKCB At the bottom of the stairs take a left and follow the stone floor. Walk toward the basketball hoop and stop in the rocks and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk to the right down the walkway past the patio table. Wait in the gravel by the basketball court. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and exit the movie area through the left doorway. Turn left and walk along the hall. Turn right on the first doorway to your right. Wait in the bathroom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk toward the orange vase. Turn left and enter the first door on the right. Continue to the bathroom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA walk straight and turn left beside the counter, exit the room to the right, turn left and walk down the hallway through the archway, turn right into the bathroom, and stop inside the doorway. 
gZ6f7yhEvPG Walk forward to the padded benches. Turn right and walk between them. Wait near the first pillow on the left, close to the altar. 
gZ6f7yhEvPG Take a right down the lane through the two sets of pews, walk towards the left corner of the church and stop at the one step. 
gZ6f7yhEvPG Walk around the pews and towards the front of the room with the paintings of religious figures and a stage area. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk to the end of the ping pong table and turn left. take another left at the end of the table and stop between the two columns. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the end of the light brown table, turn sharp left, and keep going forward until you reach the light brown colored chair to your left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward keeping the ping-pong table to your right walk just past the end of the ping-pong table. Turn to the left and walk past the end of the long table. Walk forward and veer to the right. Stop and wait between the first two pillars. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the bedroom and take a right. Go down the hall passing the stairs and enter the office through the first door on your right. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Face the bed. Walk through the door. Walk right. Walk straight. Turn Right at first door. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk straight till you get to the doorway and turn right.  Go down the hall, past the stair case and stop at the first door on the right.  It's a den.  Stop before you go in.  Wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and go through the doorway and take a right. Stop in front of the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and exit the room. Turn right and exit the farthest leftmost door. Wait in front of the sinks. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk out of the room.  Go down a hallway and veer to the left.  You'll go in that door.  You'll stop at the double sinks.  Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave bathroom, walk through bedroom, then out the bedroom door, through the hallway, take one step into the kitchen, then stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go to the end of the bed. Exit out the door on the right. Turn left and travel through the open door to the kitchen area. Stop at the bowl of fruit. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom into the hallway. Take a left in the hall, and turn right into the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen next to the the corner of the table near the doorway you just entered. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk towards the stair case, and straight through the hallway to the left of the double doors with mirrors on it. Walk through the hall to the small room with the fireplace. Stop directly next to the first leather chair on your right. 
EDJbREhghzL Go past the staircase and down the hallway, stop in front of the first grey chair. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past poodle. Walk past mirrored glass doors. Wait at wall mirror. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk forward past the hot tub and stay on the path towards the doors. Stop in front of the door on the right before you enter the house. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn left and walk on the path towards the pillars. Wait by the glass door entrance to the right. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Follow the stepping stones to the breezeway. Stop at the black glass door. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom and walk down the hallway.  Take the first left into the bedroom.  Wait in front of the bed. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit bathroom, turn left, go straight down hallway, turn left at the first open door, stop in front of the bed. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Leave the bathroom and go down the hall. Take the first left into a bedroom. Stop just inside the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk ahead and turn left at hall table. Walk over the dining room and turn right. Stop at front of half bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and take a left at the small table. Walk straight and then take the second right. Wait in front of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk in the house and take a right. Walk down the hall and take your second right into the hallway. Stop outside of the bathroom on your left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Move up the stairs. Turn right at the moose decoration and continue moving up the stairs. Stop just before the green carpet on the next floor when you finish ascending the steps. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs and stop at the top next to the stuffed bear. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up all of the stairs and wait at the stop facing the plaid chairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs. At the top of the stairs, turn left, turn left again, then wait by the table and chairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go upstairs to the bedroom that has the backgammon board inside of it. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs and turn left through the first doorway at the top. Walk past the bed and stop by the plant on the floor. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn 45 degrees to your and move into the bedroom. Move forward with the bed to your right. Go toward the doorway with the white chair and footstool to your right. Pass through the doorway and turn 45 degrees to the left. Move forward with the glass railing to your right. Pass through the doorway and turn to your left when you reach the large artwork on the wall. Move through the bedroom with the bed on your right and the black chair and footstool on your left. Stop when you reach the entryway to the outside patio. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 exit bathroom and turn slight left walking across bedroom to door, turn slight left and walk into hallway left of stairs. continue down hallway, turn slight left and walk forward, walk across bedroom to outside balcony. stop at couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go to the right and out the door into the hallway, past the staircase.  Turn left and then left again.  Walk past the foot of the bed.  Just before you get to the door that leads outside, you will stop.  There is a couch and a couple of chairs on the balcony. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Enter the building, turn right and enter the kitchen, stopping at the breakfast bar. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go into the living room and and walk to the kitchen on the right. Stop next to the counter once you enter the kitchen. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into the building and walk right past the chairs. Walk behind the couch and stop just inside the kitchen area. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk down the hallway along the banister next to the stairs. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and take a left. Stop at the foot of the beds . 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn around and walk to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop the the foot of the two beds. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn around and follow the hallway down to the twin sized beds.  Turn left.  Wait there. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn around and go past the two chairs.  Jump the rope.  And then go straight on down the runner rug.  Turn left at the marble staircase and go to the top of that.  Then wait. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn toward the exit past the ropes.  Walk out of the exit doors down the red carpet.  Stop facing the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past round mirror. Make hard left at rectangular mirror. Walk past fire extinguisher. Wait at top of marble stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left. Walk around desks. Walk towards kitchen. Walk down stairs. Stop at bottom of stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk into the open office area and walk around the first desk and along the glass wall past the next desk with arrow hanging from the ceiling above with the word host. Walk past the desk and the black cabinet ahead then continue down the small set of stairs ahead,. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left after the wooden crate. Walk past the glass walls on the left. Go down the left staircase and stop on the bottom step. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Take another right and wait in that bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hallway take a right. Take the first right into a bedroom. Stop in front of the door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right and exit the bedroom with the doorway to the right. Turn right again and walk along the hallway with pictures. Turn right on the first door to your right. Wait by the lamp in the bedroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out of the kitchen and take a right and another right out onto the deck. Take a left and head down the deck. Stop of the top stair of the deck. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn  right and go through the doorway to your right. Take a left and stop at the bottom of the first set of stairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Make a sharp turn right and walk outside. Walk left past the chairs. Walk down the steps and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Take a left, walk straight, and take a right. Take a left and wait in the hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk down the hall with the construction equipment. Take a right at the end of the hall. In teh hall take a left. Stop in the hall before you pass the vent on the left. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk into the unfinished hallway next to the staircase. Walk passed the construction materials and around the corner into the next hallway. Turn left into the hallway and walk towards he open door ahead. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the room and walk left down the hallway.  Stop when you enter the big open room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Take a left and walk out of the laundry room. Take another left and wait in between the kitchen and dining room table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk out the door into the hall, turn left, walk forward into the dining room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn left. Walk around the marble table. Turn right. Walk up the stairs past the pool. Stop at the entrance to the showers. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward and out of the room take a right in the hall. Walk up the hot tub and take a right. Stop in the doorway to the shower. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk into the hallway and to the pool. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down stairs, walk to the back of the couch, go straight through the door way, walk to the end of the bed, walk passed the tub, straight through the door way, stop beside the door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk towards the chairs. Turn left past the table. Walk through the doorway into the bedroom. Turn left. Walk past the bed towards the bathroom. Stop at the doorway to the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left, walk through the door into the bedroom, turn left again and walk across the bedroom. Wait by the bathtub. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk around the bed go forward at the foot of the bed. With the patio on your right enter the bathroom through the door on the right. Stop in the bathroom across from the shower. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Take a left after the bed and walk into the bathroom on the right. Wait in the bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the bed into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom.  Walk around the bed and chairs and step outside then stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk into the bedroom with the two orange chairs. Walk through the door that leads outside, and stop direclty as you pass through the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk towards the bed. Turn towards the doorway going outside. Wait outside by the doorway and stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and take a right.  Wait at the immediate door on the right - in from of another bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk out of the bedroom and turn right past the chairs. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn around and walk out of the room. Take a right at the chairs and wait in the doorway of the the room on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the bed and out the door towards the pool table.  Walk to the door near the pool ball rack hanging on the wall. Stop facing into the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk through the bedroom passed the bed and dresser made of raw wood. Walk through the open door near the dresser out into the living room area. Walk passed the floor lamp and around the corner. Continue past the pool table and walk into the open door in the corner of the room near the bar stools. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk through the doorway that leads to the stairs, turn left walking straight through to the right of the pool table. Stop directly at the last chair on your left. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Turn around and walk straight. Wait at the top of the stairs, in front of the second window. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Turn around and walk along the hallway with book to the left. Wait about 6 feet from the start of the stairs. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk down the walkway and stop after the first pillar to your right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs, take a left and go into the hallway. Stop outside of the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs and take a left. Go around the banister and take the first right.Stop outside of the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk to the top of the stairs, turn left at the top, stop in front of the two door that kiddie corner each other. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn left and walk down the hallway. Wait just inside the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave the room and take a left. Go down the hall and into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the room once you pass the door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward towards the glass barrier and turn left to walk down the hallway past the laundry area. Continue straight down the hallway passing the smaller bedroom (on the left) and two double doors (on the right). Proceed straight through the other double doors and into the larger bedroom. Walk a short distance through the doors, stop a few feet inside the doorway before you pass the black sculpture. 
aayBHfsNo7d Enter the building, and the first left, stopping in the doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Enter the house and enter the bedroom on your left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk inside through the open sliding glass door. Turn into the first doorway on the left and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around, go past the chairs and table, continue on to the next set that is a smaller table.  Turn to the left and stop when you're right by the rock wall formation.  Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Travel along the left side of the wooden table. Continue to the edge of the next wooden table. Turn left and travel to the stone wall on the left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight alongside the long narrow table. Proceed straight past white shelves and turn left down hallway. Wait in front of stone walls. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk across the deck, past the patio furniture and wait at the base of the steps. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Travel straight past the two chairs and table on the left. Keep straight until you are at the base of the brick steps. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk forward with the banister on your right. Stop in front of the plants on the left of the stairwell. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk into the kitchen, and go into the hall between the refrigerator and the outdoor cooking area. In the hall go straight into the bedroom across the hall. Take a left into the bathroom through the last door on the left. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk around the island counter and into the open door. Walk directly ahead to the tv in the open room. Step into the bathroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past the basket and kitchen island. Walk straight across the hall into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and turn left. Walk into the bathroom and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go through the door to the sink. Turn left at the sink and go forward to the shower. Stop at the bedroom door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the toilet and take a left at the counter. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn to the left and walk towards the sink.  Turn to the left and walk past the counter and the shower.  Walk just to the doorway of the bedroom and then stop.  Wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk to the left of the pillar. Walk past the sink and end table. Walk past the sink and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go straight and enter library. you  look chairs and table and piano. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go through the left archway and walk forward.  Stop at the middle archway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go onto the large rug and across to the other side of the room and toward an archway.  Go through the arched hallway, and wait looking into another room with some seating. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With the empty room behind you walk into the open area and take a left. Take the last right and walk straight into the sitting room ahead. Stop just before you are on the rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH exit hall to large room. walk slight left between two tables. turn slight right and walk to wall with chairs along it. turn left and take 3 paces. turn right and enter hallway . Continue straight and stop when you reach room at the end of hall. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and walk out of the room. Wait at the bottom of the steps. 
cV4RVeZvu5T TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING TWO BLACK CHAIRS IN FRONT OF A FIREPLACE, WALK BEHIND THE BLACK CHAIRS TOWARDS THE FIRST OPEN DOOR ON THE LEFT, AT THE FIRST DOOR TURN LEFT TO FACE STAIRS HEADING BOTH DOWN AND UP, WALK ON TO THE PLATFORM. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past arched wall openings. Walk past folding wood table. Wait at stair landing. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Head straight down hallway past two brown chairs. Wait in middle of hallway in front of entryway to blue room. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn left to walk down the hallway. Walk past the brown chair. Walk past the radiator. Stop in the hallway before the bathroom and bedroom with a brown duvet. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk forward passing the brown leather chairs. Stop in the middle of the hall with a closet on your left, and a bedroom on your right. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left and walk along the red carpet. Enter the rightmost doorway behind the chairs. Wait by the small table in the middle of the chairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Enter siting room and walk straight across it passing chairs and table. turn right following rope.Turn left at open door. Enter through double doors and stop in the middle of the room beside chairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Travel straight through the large ornate room and through the double door with the golden wreath located on it and continue on until you see a large crystal chandelier. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past thermostat on left. Walk past back of leather sectional on right. Make left after column. Wait at bar stool. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Move forward down the hallway with the temperature on your left and the painting on the right. Pass the black couch on your right. Turn left when you pass the wall on your left holding the two candles. Stop when you reach the two counter tops to your left and right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward down the long hall passing he living room. After the living room take a left into the kitchen. Stop next to the breakfast bar. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn slightly left and walk out of the elevator. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Proceed forward until you reach the entryway area with the stairs. To the right of this entry area is a seating area with a large gold ottoman and brown sofas. Turn into this area and stop while you are standing in front of the ottoman, right before you step foot on the white rug and facing the window. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the elevator and take a left. Walk down the hall and take a right into the TV room. Stop next to the table before you reach the carpet. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go to the left and through the doorway, take a left and proceed down the hallway.  Turn right at the panel doorway.  Go into the living room, you'll see a brown "L" shaped couch.  Wait just inside that doorway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the seating areas and go into the kitchen.  Turn left at the fridge and walk into the smaller room.  Stop in front of the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go past the two chairs to the kitchen. Go through the door on the left. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and walk towards the kitchen. Take a left at the refrigerator and wait in the bathroom next to the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk past the stairs and through the doorway. Take a right and go into the other room that is straight ahead and wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward with the elevators on your left. Go through the door on your right and enter the third door on the left. In the room stop just past the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk around the counter past the statue and stairwell. Continue forward passed the woven chair area through the open doorway ahead. Walk through the hallway past the wall art and into the open doorway near the small hanging ceiling lamp. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and go past the blue couch.  Go between the two wooden chairs.  Stop there and wait. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the living room, heading past the blue couch.  Walk between the two brown chairs and stop before leaving the room. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward into the living room, and go between the two accent chairs out onto the deck. Stop in the doorway for the deck. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward with the sink on your right and exit the room. Take a right and walk into the dining room on your left. Walk to the back of the room and take a right into the kitchen. Stand in the doorway to the kitchen. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Facing the sink, go left. After passing through the archway, turn right and go past the stairs. Go around the right side of the dining room table and wait in the doorway of the kitchen. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right, then turn left and walk through the dining area. Turn right into the kitchen. Wait by the sconce. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go out the bathroom, through the bedroom and into the hall. Wait to the right on the second step. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the room and take a left. In the hall take a right and go to the stairs. Stop on the second store from the bottom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go out from bedroom and take right. you can see upstairs near bench. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom through the open and door.Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right and walk into the bedroom.  Turn to the right, and walk to the corner of the rug in the bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom and take a left in the hallway. Walk straight and enter the bedroom that is the last door on your right. Stop next to the first end table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go out of the bedroom door and down the hall along the rug. Keep going past the second picture to the door and into the bedroom with the bed with a blue blanket. wait there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn so the bathroom is on your left and the staircase is on your right. Walk straight past the next room on your left and stop once you pass the first room on your left. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the dining room table. Wait near the kitchen. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk under the stairs towards the living room. Stop once you pass the closet on the left, next to the kitchen. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the kitchen and head towards the round table. Take a left and stand next to the end table and the pink and green checkered couch. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the kitchen, through it, into the next room, and turn left at the dining room table.  Stop right by the loveseat.  Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ walk between the island and the counter with the island on your right. walk past the couch and toward the heating radiator. Stop when you pass the heating radiator. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Head into the hallway and turn right. Travel down the hallway until you reach the laundry area and turn left. Wait at the laundry machines. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the wall with the dartboard into the hallway with the painting. Continue forward into the next room with the room. Walk along the banister railing and continue past the armchairs. Follow the banister railing to the end of the railing near the staircase. Stop near the staircase. Walk into the open door opposite the stairwell which has a washing machine and sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go right past the painting of stones. Continue going past the staircase and turn left at the open doorway on the left. Stop at the laundry machine. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk between the white and the brown chairs. Go towards the bookshelves with the ladder and stop half way past it. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards the white ladder and then wait once you get to the rug on the floor. 
JeFG25nYj2p Move toward the white ladder. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go to the mirror
Go to the light switch
Go to the leopard settee
Go to the pillow. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn a quarter of the way right and walk past the mirror on the wall. Walk forward next to the grey chair. Walk toward the bookcase. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk to the end of the dining room table past the mirror.  Turn left and stop in front of the bookshelves. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom through the brown wooden door and enter the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom keeping the bed to your right and heading towards the doorway. Exit the bedroom through the doorway and into the hall. Staying on the wooden floor, turn to your left and go through the archway. Take an immediate right turn and wait by the furnace grate that is on your right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom then take a left in the hallway. Take a right at the end of the hall and wait in the entryway facing the front door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the bathroom and go straight across the bedroom. At the door turn left then turn right and wait in front of the main entrance. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the study, walk down the stairs to the hard right, walk toward the living room, go down the stairs into the living room, wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the room and take a right before you reach the stairs. In the hallway go straight and enter the sitting room, going down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 From the library, go out toward the marble stairs  Go down the stairs and ahead toward a room with a large fireplace.  Stop at the room entrance. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom and go through the archway on the left. Cross the room, and wait on the porch, outside the front door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave the bathroom and take a right. Take a left into the main room and walk towards the main door. walk outside and stop outside next to the door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then go through the first doorway on your left. Move straight through this room between the two benches and through the entry way door. When you exit the glass door and are outdoors stop and wait. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and walk past the table and take a right. Walk into the den and take a right. Walk into the bathroom straight ahead and wait in front of the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk around the dining room table and take a right. Walk past the tea set on the left and into the sitting room. Turn right and walk between the two pink sofa chairs. Turn slightly right and walk into the bathroom and wait near the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk to the end of the table and turn right and enter the sitting room. Once you enter the sitting room turn right and head into the bathroom in front of the sink. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go toward the table with the white tablecloth and continue past the first black bench. Take a right and face the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past buffet table. Make right at bench. Wait at exit sign. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right and walk through the living area past the table covered in a white cloth.  Walk towards the long black bench.. Turn right and stand in front of the brown rug. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Take a right and then take another right. Enter the room on the right and wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around to your right and head straight towards the couch, stopping just in front of the corner of it to your right, just to the right of the rug. Slight right, then head in the direction of the wooden door in front of you. Turn right down the hallway, Move straight, stopping in front of the white open door frame. Hang a slight right, walking through the doorframe, Move straight and wait in front of the black and white striped rug. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Turn right and walk through the doorway. Turn left and stop in front of the zebra rug. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the doorway and turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn right. Go into the bedroom and wait by the bed. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. Walk down the hall over the floor rug, passed the cabinet against the wall and the stairwell. Walk into the bedroom with the twin bed with blue blankets and pillows. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Go down the hall and enter the bedroom through the first door on your right. In the bedroom stand nest to the closet near the nightstand. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway past the cabinet, wait at the top of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the room and walk straight down the hallway. Stop right in front of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past floor runner. Wait at top of stairs. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and make a slight left then wait in the doorway going outside. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward and take a left through the door into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and the dresser and through the doorway. Take a left and wait in the entryway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bathroom and take a left and walk out of the bedroom. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the patio. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Take a right and leave the bedroom. Stop in front  of the mirror outside of the bedroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the closet space, go through the room and take a right, exiting the room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight ahead through the archway. Walk ahead and turn right through the double doors. Step forward in front of the mirror. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the bathroom.  Turn left and step into the closet. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and exit the bathroom. Turn left and enter the closet. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 go straight
slight right turn
slight left
ninety degree left into closet. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Leave the kitchen heading to the stairs. Pass the dining table on your left and turn left. Stop behind the first section of the couch. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go into the living room area.  Stop between the couch and dining table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Make a right at the counter and walk to the to the room with the table and steps. You'll be looking at a couch, take a left and wait behind the couch. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk across the roof. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk along the balcony close to the glass railing and stop before you reach the stairs. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk across to the opposite side of the patio and stop before the stairway. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk through the doorway to the right of the leather chair, walk straight down the hallway and take a right through the double doors, take a right at the end of the hallway and stop in front of the white set of doors. 
EDJbREhghzL Go through the door to your right, down the hall, and into the room on your right just past the door. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bedroom via the door on the right next to the chair, turn right, walk down the hallway to the flower, turn right, enter the bedroom, wait by the armoire. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn to the left and walk straight towards the glass door that leads to the outside. Make another left at the clay sofa. Make another slight left and climb the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk through the glass door.  Circle to the left and wait at the base of the stairs with the metal handrail. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn to the left and go down the hallway.  Turn left and go past the red couch.  Turn left again and head up the stairs. When you get a couple of steps from the top, stop and wait. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk across bedroom to glass exit door. walk straight passed open door to outside and into living room, stop behind couch. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around.  Walk past the bed, turn right out of the door.  Walk towards the couches.  When you are to the red loveseat, stop and wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk to the door that is straight ahead. Go through the door and continue forward, stopping just before you get the vase against the wall to your right. You will be standing between the vase and orange chair. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk down the hallway and go past the living room on your left. Stop next to the light switch on the right in the living room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk through the hallway to the next set of hall columns before you get the art prints. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go down the long hallway and stop after you pass the big archway on the left. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk out of the bathroom and walk to the right of the bed. Turn right and walk into the closet and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Leave toilet to bathroom, turn slight right enter bedroom, Walk to right side of bed. Turn right into closet and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk through the bathroom and exit from the door on the right. Walk straight until you get to the bed, then turn right and wait inside the closet. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk forward toward the stairs and go up the first, and second set of stairs. After you are up the second set take a right and another right. Stop before you reach the two white chairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go past the couch.  Go to the steps and turn left.  Go up the steps.  Then go up the other steps.  When you've gone up two sets of little stairs, turn to the right and go a couple of steps.  Wait there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Travel to the stairs. Go up two sets of stairs and turn right. Enter through the archway and make a right. Go straight to the set of light switches on the wall on the left. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk down stone walkway towards glass doorway. Turn right into glass doorway and wait. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and walk across the wood planks into the walkway by the bush. Make a right into the dining room. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk past the Jacuzzi and pool, enter the building through the door on the right. Wait inside the door near the table. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 turn right go straight then stop at near sofa. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Move through the room with the bed to your right. Pass through the entry way and enter the outdoor patio area. Stop a few feet behind the long couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the bedroom onto the patio. On the patio stop behind the couch. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk through bathroom doorway, walk straight down hallway to bedroom straight ahead, walk straight through bedroom to just infront of the bathroom, turn around and walk out the room, walk straight into first door on the left and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom, walk down the hallway toward the stairs, turn hard left to enter the bedroom to the left of the closet, wait at the foot of the bed. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Leave the bathroom and go out of the bedroom into the hall. In the hall take a sharp left and go into the bedroom on the left of the double door closet. In the bedroom stop at the foot of the bed. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the bathroom and make a left in the hallway then make a right in the other hallway. Go inside the room and make a left to leave the room. Wait in the hallway in front of the first room on the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit bathroom to bedroom, walk slight left through study into hallway. Stop in hall. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Step out of the bath tub and walk to the door way on the left and walk through that door way.  Then make a right and walk past the book case.  After the book case make a left and walk past the desk to the double glass doors.  walk through the double glass doors and wait by the picture of a mountain. 
VVfe2KiqLaN walk down the cement walkway and through the door into the building.  Walk through the door and to the entrance to the bedroom. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn behind you. There will be a hot tub in front of you to the left a little. Head toward the walkway to the right of the hot tub. Continue up the path. The pool is on your left and keep heading that way until you go through a door. When you go through the door there will be a very tall painting right in front of you. Turn left at the painting in front of you and you will be looking at a bedroom with a bed and chaise lounge right in front of you. Stop here. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk ahead on the boards. Make a left at the left column. Walk straight through into the building with the tall framed cloth. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go into the dining area. Walk to the other side of the room, turn right,  and go to the door on the left side of the room. Stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk across the dining room and wait outside on the patio. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk into the dining room and take a right. Walk around the tables and go to the door at the end of the room on the right. Stop once you exit the room and are on the patio. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through a glass doorway.  Turn to the left and go through a white doorway.  Then go towards the stairs.  Wait at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go to the door
Go to the bed
Go to the three light switches
Go to the rail. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the sauna, exit the waiting room, wait at the top of the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk under the chandelier and up the marble steps.  Stop in between the base of the two red staircases. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk straight ahead past the reg rug. Walk up the marble stairs. Stand between the two sets of red stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk up to the entrance of the staircase in the middle. Go up the stairs 4 steps. Go to the middle of the entrance of the staircase and wait. 
EDJbREhghzL walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn right again and go down the next hallway. Walk into the bathroom and stop before the shower. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the closet and go into the hall. In the hall take a right into the bedroom and take a right in the bathroom. Stop next to the shower in the bathroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the room, turn right, enter the bedroom, then right, enter the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Move through the bathroom door. Turn right and move forward with a large counter top to your left. Turn right when you to the entryway for the stairs, which is just past the oven on your right. Move in a few feet and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go to the door
Go to the island
Go to the stairs
Go down two stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk out of the bathroom and take a right. In the kitchen take your first right and go down two stairs. Stop on the second stair. 
759xd9YjKW5 Take a right and go through the living room. In the hallway take a left and go down a corridor stopping next to the first lamp on the console table behind the couch. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past blue couch, turn right, and exit room. Turn left, go straight towards potted plants. Wait by potted plants. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the living room, turn left, enter the patio entryway, wait by the potted plant. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Move towards the bed and stop once you are between the bed and the television. 
sT4fr6TAbpF walk straight down hall into bed room. Stop between bed and desk. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk down the hallway and go into the bedroom and wait. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go inside and take a left. Walk into the living room and take a left into the powder room. Stop on the rug right next to the door. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bedroom, walk through the doorway to the left of the mirror, enter the bedroom, enter the makeup room to the left of the bed, wait at the radiator. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the doors and take a left. Walk straight ahead through the door. Turn left before the fireplace and walk through the door. Wait just inside the room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk into foyer. Walk past mirror. Make left at column. Walk past office. Wait at bedroom door threshold. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk into the house. Take a left and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the house and go towards the living room. Take a left at the stairs and walk down the hall and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the room once you are past the door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ go across deck through pass way and up stairs. Stop next to the first rocking chair. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit porch and go up stairs. Wait at rocking chairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and head outside through the door on the left. Walk towards the rocking chairs. Stop when you reach them. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom, walk through the office, wait in the hallway just outside the office. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bathroom and walk through the office, and out of the room. Stop once you enter the hallway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go through the room with the zebra rug and out the door on the other side.  Face the door with the vent over it. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the shower room between the robes on either side. Walk forward until you reach an open doorway. Walk forward through the doorway then take an immediate left. Walk forward into the bedroom until you are almost even with the chair on the right then stop and wait. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the bathroom into a closet. Leave the closet and go into the bedroom. Stop between the bed and the armchair on the right. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around then walk forward through the bathroom, past the tub and into the hallway. Turn left into the bedroom. Step into the bedroom and stop by the chair. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With the window at your back walk forward into the hallway and take a right. walk across the room and into the hallway on the other side of the room. Stop in the hall outside of the bathroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Step into the hall way.  Turn to your left and walk straight to the doorway infront of you.  Step into the door way and wait in the hall way. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter the hallway with the closed door. Turn right and go forward past the table and through the archway. Stop in the hall. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go to the right of the white bookcase. Keep going through the archway until you reach the green vase. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go down the hall directly in front of you and stop right in front of the tall green vase. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward toward the white shelves. Walk down the path to the right of the shelves. Stop in front of the large, green vase. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk past the kitchen and through the second door on the right. Wait inside the bathroom next to the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the bathroom door to the left. Stop and wait in front of the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX turn to the left and walk past the potted plant. Walk into the bathroom and stop beside the towel rack. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk into the living room and stand next to the red ottoman. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go to the glass door. Turn left and go between the white couch and the table. Go to the right of the orange ottoman. 
cV4RVeZvu5T walk across room to edge of couch, turn left and walk between couch and table, turn right and stop in front of red ottoman. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Start on the top of the bottom set of stairs, not the top of the stairs, head straight down and towards the room with open door in front of you and the white cabinets, stop when you enter this room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Move forward to go down the stairs. Continue forward past the two open doors and wait near the pantry doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk down the stairs towards the bathroom door straight ahead. Stop just before entering the bathroom and wait. 
ULsKaCPVFJR walk past the fireplace and leave the dining room. In the hallway take a right. Take the next right, and stop in front of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR go right around the dinning table towards the exit. turn right in the hallway. take a step and take another right and stop in front of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk in front of the bathroom and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk across the patio and into the house. Go straight past the sectional sofa and wait near the three doors. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Enter the house walking along the left of the folding chairs.  Continue past the blue couch on your right and stop in between the three doors at the end of the walkway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Enter house through big doorway, go straight through bedroom stop in hallway with 3 doors. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the fireplace and go through the arch way. Past the arch way take a right and enter the bedroom to the right of the photos of the kids. Stop in the doorway to the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk right to end of couch, turn left and walk to fireplace, turn slight left and walk through archway, turn hard right in hallway and enter bedroom, stop next too bench. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn to the right and walk up to the counter. Turn left and walk past the fireplace. Walk over to the archway. Turn right at the pictures on the wall and go straight. Go into the door on the left by the pictures. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the steps and walk into the gym. Turn right and walk out of the gym. Stop in front of the chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Proceed through the doorway and turn to the right.  Go past the table and chairs.  Turn more to the right and go through the double doors, past the workout machines.  Turn right again and then stop by the chair.  Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the door. Make a right out of the next set of doors. Walk into the next set of doors on a slight left Walk through the doors past the elliptical machine on the left, and into the next room. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hallway toward the paintings, enter the living room, wait behind the gray couch. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go toward the colorful artwork on the wall and then along the stair rail. Go toward the couch facing the artwork on the farthest wall.  stand behind that couch, facing the large wall of windows. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Make a left around the banister. Walk down the aisle to the black column. Make a left and walk behind the gray sofa. 
5q7pvUzZiYa exit bedroom to hallway. Go straight down hallway to staircase, turn left to bedroom on left and enter, stop in doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk past stairs. Make left at guitar. Wait at bedroom door threshold. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the door out of the bedroom. Walk past the steps and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Move down the staircase and continue forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom through the door and wait in the doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the stairs and make a slight left to go down the hallway that has the movie posters on the wall. Wait in the doorway of the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down stairs, and walk through the first hall on your left. Walk straight to the door at the end of the hallway, stop immediatly after you walk through the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa walk towards the two black chairs inside the house. Turn right and enter the room on your left. walk past the sink on your right and through the next doorway towards the brown chair. Stop at the brown chair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk into the house, take a right and go through the house, entering the first bedroom directly ahead. 
Uxmj2M2itWa step inside the house.  turn right at black chairs and head straight past the sink and the outhouse. step inside room with desk. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up the stairs and go down the hallway, then make a slight left and go down the flight of stairs. Wait at the top of the steps going downstairs to the front door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Continue up the stairs and go straight down the hallway until you arrive at a staircase. Take a slight left and go down the stairs. Stop on the landing at the bottom of the first flight of stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk to the top of the stairs with the lion statues at the top.  Continue foreward through the hallway passed the first open sliding door and then past the paintings on the walls. Walk through the open door at the end of the hallway and into the next hall headig towards the stairwell nearby. Walk down the stairs to the platform between the two flights. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go straight and exit room. Turn right, go down hall, then turn left. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out of the room and take a left. In the hall take another left, and stop in the hall before you pass the air vent on the right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the empty bedroom into the open door ahead that leads to a concrete floored hallway. Walk around the corner and towards the open double doors ahead. Keeping walking down the hall passed the open doors and stop in the hallway near the wall vent. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk forward and take the second left into the bedroom. Stop behind the orange chair at the desk. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk through the doorway to the left of the refrigerator. Stop near the desk. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk towards the room to the left. Walk towards the counter and wait. 
i5noydFURQK Make a left past the inset cabinets. Walk towards the tall wall painting. Make a right into the bedroom. Make another right and walk past the dull yellow arm chair. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the bedroom and go out into the hallway. In the hall take a right and enter the next bedroom. go around the bed and go into the bathroom on the right of the bed. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the bedroom and make a left in the hallway then make a right at the end of the hall. Go into the bedroom and make a right at the foot of the bed then a slight left to go to the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out of the bathroom into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a left and go out of the door to the patio. Stop on the patio once you are just outside of the doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bathroom, turn left, walk through the kitchen, exit the building, wait at the welcome mat outside the door to the house. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and walk out of the bathroom  and take a left. Walk straight and onto the porch and wait there. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk straight between a wall on your left and two potted plants on your right. Continue about 5 meters and then just after you pass a white iron fence on the left, you will turn slight right through the open door. Turn slight right again and then walk straight, past the wood and glass bookshelf that will be on your right. After the end of the bookshelf you will see a door on your right, and just past that you will notice the walls become all cinderblock as you walk down four steps and enter a hallway. Turn left through the first open door on your left, and walk through the door about 05.-1 meter. Stop. You will be looking at a narrow but long room with a blue fabric couch on the left and a desk and bookshelf on the right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Head indoors, walk across the room, walk down the steps, turn left and stop by the table. 
82sE5b5pLXE pass floor plants and exit through door, go downstairs and enter room on left. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the library and take a left in front of the piano. Take another left and head into the room on the right through the door left of the bookcase. Stop in the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn left and walk across the piano. Turn left and walk up the steps. Walk towards the door in front of past the shelf. Wait there. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the piano up the steps to the left, and wait in the alcove outside the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT enter office, turn left, exit office, enter hall, stop in bathroom doorway on left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room, turning to the left and leaving the small office. Take another left in the bedroom, then another left, entering the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the sitting room and go out of the office, and through the bedroom. Take a left outside of the bedroom into the bathroom and stop near the toilet. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bathroom and make a right to go in the living room. Then make a left in the living room and walk to the dining room and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bathroom and take a right into the living room. In the living room walk towards the dining room table and stop behind the first chair on the right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 exit bathroom to hall, turn slight right to living room, turn left and walk towards dinning room, turn slight right and enter dinning room, stop between table and counter. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk through the open door with the car image next to it. Walk into the room with the blue flower bedding and the stuffed animal on the bed. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight of of this bedroom and make a right and you will find another with a teddy bear on the bed. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk around the foot of the bed passed the television. Walk through the open door to the hallway on the other side of the room. Walk into the adjacent bedroom that has stuffed animals on the bed and hanging decorations on the wall above. 
E9uDoFAP3SH walk left around table to and go straight passed the chairs to the wall of doors. Stand in front of the middle door and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk around the desk and towards the the door at the far end of the room. Stop off the rug before you leave the room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and make a left. Walk through the door straight ahead that has the arched transom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter house from porch, turn slight left and enter hallway, continue straight  and enter sitting room stop by the chairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH turn around and go inside the doorway and then take a left and go to the next doorway then go straight until you are right under the next doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the room and take a left. Go down the hallway and enter the room at the end of the room. Stop once you step onto the rug in the ballroom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit room, go down hallway and stop at the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Leave the room and walk out of the room. Take a right and walk down the hallway towards the stairwell. Stop on the third step from the bottom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Proceed forward through the doorway that is to the right and towards the antechamber that leads to the hallway. Continue straight forwards through this antechamber and into the hallway with the tall and narrow windows. Turn left to walk down the hallway and pass the set of tall narrow windows. Proceed until you reach the area where the spiral stairway is. Turn right in order to go up the stairway. Go up exactly two steps and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ walk around the bed, with bed being on your right and the drawer on you left. keep walking around the bed passing the closets to your left and go to the open door, and stop when you see the stationary bycicle. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk around the bed and exit the bedroom through the door next to the lamp. Turn left slightly and wait by the stationary bike. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk around the bed and through the door on the right. Wait near the exercise bike. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk straight passing the two small stairs. Turn left at the very first white column. Stop at the second stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk forward with the stairs behind you. Walk straight and take the second left. Stop on the second from the bottom stair. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn to your left and walk forward past the the dresser to the entrance on your left which is across from the piano.  Walk to the bottom step of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the massage room and take a right. Enter the massage room that is the fourth door on the right wall. Stop inside the door way to the turk sauna. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk out of the door past the loungers. Make a right and walk to the last barber chair. Make a left out of the light brown framed door. Make a right through to the room with the tall glass shelves. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around, walk between the two massage tables.  Go into the room, and turn to the right.  Go past the salon chair.  Veer to the left.  Go into the room and stop by the glass shelves.  Wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head forward and turn left at the door with the slats in it. Head past the decorative room divider to your left and past the glass dining room table to your left. Head forward and past the chair on your right and head through the doorway on your right, immediately after the chair.  Stop here you are at your destination. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Take your first left and then take a right. Continue straight past the table and chairs. Take a right and wait in the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go down the hallway, take a left and then a quick right.  Go past the table and chairs area, past the big chair and then turn to the right.  Go past the dark wooden door and then stop and wait. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hallway and go into the bathroom through the last door on the right. Stop in the bathroom doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go straight and cross one  or two rooms and end of the room is ours. Near white color door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the hall, following the carpet.  Continue on down the hall.  When you are at the last doors on the right, turn there.  Do not enter the bathroom, but wait just outside. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk to the top of the two flights of stairs, stop at the very top of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk up steps to landing, turn right and continue up steps. Stop at top of stairs by large fake bear. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the stairs and make a left into the dining room then make a slight left to go into the kitchen. Walk to the end of the kitchen and make a right. Go in the pantry/laundry room and wait. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn left into kitchen. Walk towards oven and turn right. Go straight through doorway and wait in front of sink. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right and walk through the kitchen past the sink and the stove. Wait in the doorway to the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go around the bed and stand in the doorway on the left. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk around the bed and leave the bedroom. Stop in the doorway outside of the bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Take a right after the bed. Take a left and wait in the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom. Walk towards the door to the hallway. Stand in the bedroom doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through water closet. Make left opposite bath towels. Walk past bed. Wait at bedroom door threshold. 
ac26ZMwG7aT exit bathroom to bedroom on left, turn right and walk to doorway. Stop just before exit at the light switch. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk down the hallway past the stairs and stop at the doorway on your right where there's three chairs and a desk. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk straight down the hallway towards the staircase, stop at the first door on the right after the staircase. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go down the hallway, then stop in front of the last door on the right. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go through the doorway next to the couch. Go down the stairs and walk behind the easel. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the loveseat and go down he stairs. Take a right and stop next to the unicycle in the corner. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight towards the doorway nearest the sofa.
Go down the five steps.
Turn 45 degrees to the right.
Walk in front of the easle.
Turn right after the easle.
Walk forward.
Stop at the wall. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk in the direction of the couch, and walk out of the living room. In the hallway take a left and then a right into another hall. Enter the bedroom through the first door on your left and stop in the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk forward past the fireplace and around the back of the couch. Turn right into the foyer. Walk straight and wait at the doorway to the bedroom on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go to the left.  Walk between the couches.  Continue through the archway.  Turn left and enter the room on the right. It's a bedroom.  When you get just to the doorway, you'll stop and wait there. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk through the door.  Walk up the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bedroom and move toward the right down the hall. Go up the stone tile stairs and make a left when you see the brown dresser with the glass vase on top end in the doorway area where there are two closed doors on your left and the entry way to the sitting room. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit bedroom, turn left, enter hallway, turn right, move straight towards steps, go up the steps, turn left at the top of the stairs, take immediate left into first room, stop once inside the room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up the stairs and go straight down the hall. Enter the bedroom through the first door on the right. Stop before you reach the rug. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go upstairs. Turn right and go through the double doors to the room with the exercise machine and bed. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk up stairs, turn slight right and walk down hallway, walk passed laundry room, turn right into bedroom with elliptical machine. Stop at elliptical machine. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the washroom and make a hard left to go through the doorway. Make a hard right and wait near the lockers. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the doorway, take a left through the first open doorway, walk straight through the door way and stop infront of the wooden lockers. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward and out the door. Turn left once outside the door and take a couple of steps forward and enter the door to your left. Once in the door got to the right of the partition and face the corner where the lockers meet the wall. 
7y3sRwLe3Va walk towards door in kitchen, turn right, walk straight towards dinning room, turn left at edge of counter, enter room and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go forward towards door, turn right, then turn left. Go straight through doorway and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va walk out of the kitchen and take a let into the foyer. In the foyer stop next to the benches at the breakfast bar. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn slightly left and walk along the hallway. Walk through the doorway north of you and wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk straight with the stairs behind you and enter the office at the end of the hallway. Stop next to the door in the office. 
ULsKaCPVFJR go down hall with living room to right, go through door and stop in study. 
p5wJjkQkbXX take a step to stand in front of shower.  exit doorway into bedroom.  go to far end of the bed.  turn right and exit doorway into hall. turn left immediately and take a step.  take another left and step into bathroom in front of the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go to the door
Go to the bed
Go to the desk
Go to the single painting
Go to the closet
Go to the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX You're in a bathroom, walk out of the bathroom and past the bed.  Go down a hallway and turn to the left.  Then enter the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror and sink combination area. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go up the stairs after going up the first set of stairs go up the second and stop at the step fourth from the top. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk up the stairs, passing the mirror, and stop on the third step from the top. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk up the stairs and stop on the tenth step. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bedroom and go down the hall then wait outside of the second room on the left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bedroom and go straight down the hallway. Go into the room that is the second door on the left and stop in the doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk out bedroom door. Walk past art gallery wall. Wait at open door on left. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room, turning left after you exit. Once in the hallway, turn right and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the 2 ottomans and to the doorway.   Make a left out the door and walk past the closet to the other doorway. Make a hard right and go down the stairs. Then wait by the doorway and the bottom of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go across the room and out the passageway and through to the left, then take a sharp right around the corner and go down the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk around the living room and go into the kitchen. Stand next to the light switch that is between the counter and the dining room table and stop there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the couch and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past sectional sofa. Walk past dining table. Wait at metal and wood tiered stand. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go upstairs, turn left and up the second set of stairs at the end of the walkway. Cross the hall and wait in the bedroom through the door on the right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk upstairs. Walk past bench. Walk upstairs. Wait at threshold to open door on right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go up the steps, turn right and continue up the second set of steps. Enter the room on the for right and wait in the doorway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk down the stairs and make a left past the couch. Make a right when you're in front of the couch go down the hall then go in the bedroom on the far right and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk down the stairs. Walks toward the tall potted plant. Make a right into the room with a bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go down the stairs, taking a right and continuing past the kitchen. Enter the first bedroom to your right, stopping in the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around and go out of the bathroom into the room. Exit the room and take a slight right onto the stairs. Wait here on the stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go into the bedroom withe the black bed, and through the door that leads to the stairs. Go down three stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn slightly left and descend a few steps down the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn to the right, and then to the right again and walk down the hallway.  Go into a bigger area where there is an entry way.  Turn left and walk to the door.  Then wait. 
VzqfbhrpDEA exit study room, walk all the way passing windows, turn left, walk down stairs, wait near door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the office and enter the hallway. Walk down the hall and to to the left, and stand next to the main entry door. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk passed mirror and go towards stairs. Pass the stairs and face the kitchen. Walk forward until in kitchen and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the sitting area, and take a left. Go to the stairs and take a right into the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen next to the counter. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk left down the corridor containing paintings on the right. Walk diagonally left past the flower arrangement in front of the mirror on the wall. enter the lounge area, past the beige chair under the landscape painting. Turn left and enter the kitchen area. Wait at the area with the marble counter top to the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk towards the bed and go out the door on the right. Turn left and walk through the doorway. Wait near the side table with the lamps. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room, taking an immediate left and going into the next room, stopping in the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through doorway in the middle of the two light fixtures hanging on the wall, Turn left after doorway and walk straight through doorway straight ahead, stop immediatly after doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk into the bedroom.  Walk to the doorway, and turn left.  Then walk straight down the hall, veer to the right by the stairs and then stop on the first step going down to the basement.  wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom. Walk passing the bedroom and turn left to exit the bedroom door. Walk straight and turn right to the corner where a mirror is placed. Stop at the top of the stairs that leads downstairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom and exit to the left.Turn left at the wine cabinet, the turn right and continue down the hall way. Take the first right and stop at the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk around the bed and leave this room. At the end of the hall take left and stop in the hallway facing the stairs just outside the door. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk past closets. Walk past bathroom. Make left out open glass door. Wait at black plug. 
JF19kD82Mey exit room by closet, go to end of hall, turn left, stop next to picture on wall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk through the laundry room past the washing machines through the door into the hallway. Walk down the hall between the banister rails. Turn the corner near the blue armchairs and walk to the desk on the opposite wall with the bulletin boards above. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the laundry room and take a right. Walk straight down the hallway, then turn right and wait near the blue chairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk passed washer and dryer and through doorway. Turn right, go straight towards blue chairs and wait in front of blue chairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the bathroom and take a  left into the bedroom. Go around the bed and go into the bathroom. Stop next to the shower. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom and make an immediate left. Move forward past the chair and go to the left to avoid the bed, head towards the open doorway and wait in the bathroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom, enter the bedroom on the left and wait across the room in the en suite bathroom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk straight towards the stairs. Walk past the stairs and enter the door the to the bathroom the first right past the stairs. Stop in the doorway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go straight and at the first pillar take a left. Go into the hallway and stop just before the bathroom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the kitchen and then wait in front of the second door on the left. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn to the right.  Walk  out of the door.  Then turn left and walk to the next room.  Go into the first door possible to the left.  Then stop and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Walk through the first doorway on your left.  Step into the room through that doorway.  There will be a pink chair in the room.  Stop in the doorway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the door and turn left to the very first room. Walk inside the room and stop there. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the closet. Take a right out of the bedroom. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Leave the closet and go out of the bedroom to the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa You're in a closet.  Walk out of the closet and turn to the left.  and go through the doorway.  Go to the right and veer to the right.  Stop and wait at the top of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk up the steps to the first door on the right. Wait inside the bathroom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn and go up three steps entering a hallway. Go straight down the hallway then enter the first room on your right. Wait in doorway close to the sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk into the narrow hallway up the small flight of stairs Walk past the painting on the wall and turn into the first open door. Walk through the door into the bathroom and stop near the sink with black counter tops. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk through the front door to the home. Continue down the hall passed the chairs against the wall and turn the corner. Walk through the glass door. Walk through the bedroom and out the other door and into the hallway on the other side. Walk down the hall to the bathroom at the end. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards metal chair and go right. Go towards red bed and turn right. Take next right and go left down hallway to mirror. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk straight towards the metal chairs, take a left, walk through the double doors towards the red bed, take a right, walk straight towards the desk. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Leave the bathroom and go through the bedroom into the closet on the right of the bed.Stop next to the door in the closet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk past tub. Walk past towels. Walk past bed. Wait in closet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk into the bathroom. Make a left into the adjoining room between the blue walls. Walk straight ahead to the table by the bed. Make a right into the closet. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and walk across the kitchen area. Walk towards the white sofas in the living room. Stay around the white sofa close to the right wall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk into the kitchen and go forward past the dining table. Go into the living room and stop in front of the first beige couch on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the closet into the kitchen. Walk along the counter and past the dining room table and chairs. Walk into the living room area. Stop between the couch and the table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn to the right and then to the left.  Walk into the hallway.  Go down the hall towards the stairs.  When you go down about 2 or 3 stairs, wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room, turn left, walk ahead till stairs, turn left, walk down stairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk out of the closet area into the hallway. Turn and walk into the next hall with a wooden floor. Walk towards the staircase nearby and walk down the first few steps. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk down the hallway.  Past the bedroom door.  Turn to the right at the end of the hallway.  Walk into the bedroom.  Wait there next to the desk with a light on it. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk down the hall past the stairs to the end of the railing. Turn right and go stand in the doorway of the room at the end. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk straight all the way passing two bedroom doors and then turn tight to enter the very corner room and stop right outside the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk straight to large open doorway.  turn right and walk diagonally across room to star tile on floor.  go to bedroom doorway.  step inside. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk across the hallway into the sitting area. Go through the sitting area and wait past the wet bar through the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight ahead and enter a room, turn to the right and go past the sink.  Enter the next room, which is a bedroom and when you walk into it, stop, wait.  Don't go any further. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn to your left. Walk down the hall between the glass doors and the oval metal structure. Turn right at this structure. Walk through the clear doors. Stop at the rock that looks like a turtle's back. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the silver pillar and take a right. Go outside onto the patio and stop next to the first tree. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the patio doors. Stop in front of the bedroom and turn to the right. Move down the hallway through the doors to the outside. Walk down the sidewalk to the large rocks. Stop at the rock closest to the sidewalk. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk through doorway on the left that, walk towards the open doorway across the way that passes the pool, stop in from the door next to the green push. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go through the door to the walkway. Continue past the pool. Stop at the black door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn to the right and go out of the door.  Follow the path, go past the pool.  Go until you reach the door to go inside.  Wait there by the plants. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight past the first two round tables. Stand next to the second column. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight towards the table then keep going straight to the next set of tables and go to the left side of them and stop at the second one in the row. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go to the right of the round table and stop to the left of the next round table. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight and take a right and go down the hallway. Take a  left at the exit sign and enter the kitchenette. Stop in front of locker 43. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward and turn right. Walk down the hallway and turn left at the wooden paneled lockers. Wait near the sink. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right. Walk all the way down the hallway. Turn left and stand near the sink faucet. 
r47D5H71a5s Go past the stairs and through the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Move through the room with the marble staircase to your left. Move through the doorway located next to the glass vase. Pass across the hallway and stop at the doorway of the room directly across from the first doorway you passed through. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn until you see the staircase on your left, walk past the staircase. Walk forward until you enter the hallway with the marble tile. Walk forward and wait in the doorway on the far left-hand room were you see the glass shelves. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk forward into the living room. Walk straight into the hallway and take a right. Enter the sitting room off the kitchen, on the right and stop next to the white ottoman. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk out of the dining room into the living room. Walk behind the couch by the window. Walk behind the chair into the next room. Walk right past the stairs into the living room. Stop by the ottoman. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk forward and behind the couch. Turn slightly right and continue past the white arm chairs into the next room. Continue slightly right and walk through the double doors and into the living room. Wait near the white sofa chair. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out towards the sofa couch that is directly in front of you and make a left. Continue to walk straight until you reach the bar stools in the kitchen that are facing the bar counter. Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go through the archway beneath the overhead vent that leads to the couch.  Turn left and go past the counter. Stop at the wall light on the left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around. Go straight through the doorway and stop. Turn left.Go straight towards the kitchen. Stop before you get to the bar.Turn left. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk along the low glass wall down the hallway.Continue down the hallway along the glass wall and past the laundry room. Walk through the next open door which leads into a bedroom with an armchair near the foot of the bed. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight down the hallway, turn left on room right after washer and dryer, stop in doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hallway turn to your left and wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk towards the sofa. Turn left and walk across the door. Turn left again and enter the next room. Walk across the office area and turn right. Enter the room to your right. Wait by the sink in the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the bedroom and take a left out of the sitting room. In the hallway take a left an enter the office. In the office take a right and go through the door into the bedroom, then the bathroom on the left. Stop in front of the cabinet next to the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Enter the lounge area with the diamond-pattern rug and turn left.Go down the hallway and enter the office continue through the office until you enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the light switches at the bathroom entrance. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go straight down the hall, veer off to the left a little bit.  Enter the first double door on the right and go into the bedroom. Turn left at the bed and nightstand, go a littler further and stop by the wooden cabinet.  Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward toward the plant. Take a left and go down the hall. Take the first right into the room, and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk down hallway and turn slight left to open room on your right. enter bedroom and turn left at bed.walk to bathroom. Stop at doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the office and into the hallway on the left. Turn left and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hallway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the office and head in the direction of the living room on your left. Before the living room take a left into a hallway. Enter the bedroom on the left of the photos on the wall. stop once you are in the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the double doors. Make a right towards the built-in wall arch. Turn left at the hall entrance. Make a left into the room next to the wall photos. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight past the sets of tables on the left. Go through the door on the right and turn left.  Wait in the hallway intersection. 
B6ByNegPMKs Move forward towards the door to exit the room. Go through the door and go left. Wait in the hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight towards the wooden door. Walk out of the conference room and take a left. Stop next to the corner of the glass wall on the left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go downstairs, turn left and wait to the right outside. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the stairs and walk towards the main entrance. Step outside of the door and stop on the welcome mat outside of the door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the stairs, take a left and at the front door, take another left, leaving the house, stopping outside the door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk straight past the dining table on the right. Turn very slight left and walk towards the sink to wait there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go down the stairs and take a right. Go past the dining table and stop next to the faucet between the kitchen and living room. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go down the staircase and turn right continue until you reach the kitchen area. Wait behind the sink. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the room and make a right in the hallway then walk to the end of the hall. Make a left and wait at the beginning of the hall behind the red chair. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through the doorway and take a right. Walk straight down the hallway and take a left. Wait near the door to the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn to the right and walk straight down towards the windows.  Turn to the left by the glass doorways.  Wait right there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bathroom and go around the room into the dining room. Take a left and go up the stairs and stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa WALK THROUGH THE HALLWAY INTO THE BEDROOM WITH A LARGE GLASS WALL TO THE OUTSIDE. WALK THROUGH THE BEDROOM ALONG THE GLASS WALL PAST THE BED. WALK THROUGH THE OPEN ENTRY ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ROOM. CONTINUE THROUGH THE ROOM PASSED THE SOFA AREA AND WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRWELL BEHIND THE COUCHES. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the work area you are in and walk to the right.  Walk through the bedroom and exit out the door.  Continue walking past the red recliner on your right.  Turn left before reaching the sink and walk up to the second step of the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go out the bathroom door Go out the bedroom via the door on the right. Go straight through the door directly ahead to the next room. Stop at the couch. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Leave the bathroom and go out of the bedroom and walk across to the bedroom across the hall. In the room stop next to the couch across from the bed. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn right. Walk towards bed. Turn right, walk out door. Walk through two doorways. Stop in front of couch on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk around the bed and out the bedroom. Go down the hallway to the first door on the right. Go into the bedroom and stop in the doorway to the tub and toilet. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past bedroom door. Make right at bathroom vanity. Wait at water closet door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk around the bed and exit the bedroom. Turn right into the bathroom and wait by the sink. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Cross the pink carpet and go through the first door on the left. Exit the building through the middle set of doors on the left and stop on the veranda halfway to the steps. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the room on the left. Walk out the door on the left and wait on the porch. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn slightly left and enter the doorway closest to you on the right. Walk towards the blue carpet and turn slightly left again. Enter the middle doorway going outside. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk across the hallway and turn slightly left by the painting. Walk up a few steps on the stairs and wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Go left down the hallway. Wait to the right on the second step of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hall away from the bedroom. Stay in the hall on the left and go up two stairs and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk past cardboard Dell box. Walk past exit sign. Walk past "enerskin" sign. Wait at threshold of door to room 314. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the room with the single small desk and make a right in the hall then walk down the hall. Walk until you get to a window that says enerskin and go to the first room on the right and wait in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Step out of the office and make a right in the hall. Walk down the hall to the 4th door on you left and turn there.  Wait in that doorway and that will be room 314. 
S9hNv5qa7GM exit bedroom and continue down hall, pass through door and turn right to enter bathroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hallway with the stairwell on your left to the bathroom and wait in the bathroom doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Make a right turn. Walk straight ahead and stop at the door where you see towels hanging on the left side. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the dining room and turn right then go down the hallway. Go down the hallway and make the first right and go straight into the bathroom on the right and wait by the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk passed the dining room table and into the living room. Turn the corner towards the front door and hanging clock. Walk down the halls passed the stairwell. Turn into the open door to the bathroom and stop in the front room near the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk past the big clock Walk down the hallway, past the mirror.  Turn to the right.  Veer right to the bathroom.  Go into the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror/sink area.  Wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj At the kitchen take a slight left to walk past the counter closet to the dining table keep walking straight and go out the door and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go to the doorway that leads to the pool outside. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk across the dining room and wait outside on the patio. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk past gold garbage can. Wait under crystal lighting. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk straight ahead past the elevators.  When you get to the "staff only" door, stop there and wait. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk straight down the hallway with the elevators on your right. Stop in front of the last elevator on the right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy exit bedroom, turn right, enter door on right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go over to the next bedroom that has the large water color of an Asian woman. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Head straight and exit the bedroom door. Turn right towards another bedroom and stop there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk into the kitchen and go out onto the patio. Stand in the patio doorway next to the breakfast bar. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go to the right to enter the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen at a left angle and wait near the patio door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and walk past the kitchen island.  Veer off to the left, and head towards the open area that is an outdoor seating area.  Wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and go down the stairs, towards the door.  Turn to go down the rest of the stairs.  Walk down the stairs.  When you get to the bottom of the stairs, stop and wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the two flights of stairs, stop at the end of the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go past the big clock on the wall and through the door on the left, go down the hallway and enter the room on the left just before the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk into the office and exit. In the hall go straight and enter the theater through the first door on your left. Stop on the carpet nest to the ottoman table. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk straight and turn left to exit the door. Walk and then make another left to enter a theater room. Stop at the entrance of the room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go through the archway towards the outdoor light.Turn left at the couch and pass the first counter. Top at the second counter. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 from hallway walk into sitting room turn left and walk to dining room, turn slight right and stop between counter and table. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk towards the living room area. Turn left and walk towards the circular dining table. Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the closet and continue past all three bathrooms the bathroom. Enter the bedroom. Turn right and enter the office. Turn right and enter the sitting area. 
ac26ZMwG7aT You will start in a closet with pants on your hanging on your left. Start going forward. Go through the doorway and past the exercise machine to your left. Continue past the bathroom with the bathtub on the left and toilet on the right into the doorway with the bed. As soon as you get into the bedroom turn right and head into and office with some tablets and chairs on your left. Make an immediate right into a doorway with a couch right in front of you with two windows and two pictures on the walls. 
ac26ZMwG7aT exit closet and walk straight through gym and passed bathroom. turn right and enter study, turn right and enter living room, stop at couch. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through doorway towards the bed, take a left and another left through second doorway, head straight towards the stairs, stop at the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bathroom and leave the bedroom. In the hallway take a right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs on the right. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Make a right turn into the room with the bed. Make a left turn past the brown shelf. Make a left turn into the hall and walk to the area between the stairs and the table. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and walk past the long table and chairs.  Turn left at the end of the table and wait there before entering other doors/rooms. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around, go straight, take a left after the table and stop before the doors. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right and walk along the right wall towards the two front facing doors. Walk towards the left corner and stay there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and pass the door on the left. Go down the long hallway to the door at the end. Travel up three stairs on the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and walk straight. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk out of the living room and down the hallway. Go through the doorway at the end of the hall and take a left. Stop in front of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the ascending stairs, and take a right to continue going up the stairs. Stop on the stair that is the fourth from the top. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop on the third step from the top. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs and turn right at the first landing. Continue up the stairs. Stop on the third step from the top. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk to the back of the couch and turn left. Walk through the room past the open french doors and through the door to the kitchen. Once you get into the kitchen turn left and walk to the entrance to the dining room. Stop one step back from the rug beneath the table and behind the end chair. 
7y3sRwLe3Va TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE A DOOR OVER LOOKING THE BACKYARD, WALK TOWARDS THE DOOR AND TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT AND WALK PAST THE ROUND TABLE TOWARD A HALLWAY ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STAIRCASE, TURN SLIGHTLY LEFT AND WALK TO THE DINNING ROOM. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk around the back of the couch and make a left then walk past the white table and into the hallway.  Make a left and step into the doorway of the dinning room and wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the bathroom and go down the hall on the left. Stop next to the the brown door across from the lounge chairs in the pool. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of bathroom. Walk past treadmill. Wait at "wet floor" sign. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the doorway, walk down the hallway past the exercise equipment, stop when you reach the yellow floor sign. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk forward past the dining table and past the white sofas. Wait near the glass doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and walk between the white couch and the other couch.  When you get past the couches, stop and wait. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go past the white couches and stop next to the glass doors. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk out of the room and take a left. Walk straight past the stairs and into the last room on the left. Wait in the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk past the staircase and through door. Make an immediately left and step into the bedroom, pass the brown dresser and wait in front of the round table with the glass top. 
759xd9YjKW5 exit bedroom pass stairs, enter bedroom on left at end of hall. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past sink on right. Make hard right at window in laundry room. Walk through open door on left. Make hard right into dining room. Walk past dining room table on right. Walk through open door on left.Wait at plantation shuttered window on right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the door beside the sink and through the kitchen to the dining room. Walk past the buffet table into the living room. Stop right beside the window. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the laundry room through the door on your right into the kitchen. There is a doorway to the right of the kitchen that you'll need to go through into the dinning area. Go left from the doorway past the dinning area into the living room with burgundy couches. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go through the living room, take a right at the dining room table, and continue until you reach the front door, stopping in the hallway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk towards blue chairs. Go past blue chairs towards wooden table and chairs and turn right through large doorway. Go straight towards black pillar and wait by black pillar. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go straight in between the couch and the coffee table. Walk past the blue chairs. Take a right down the hall, stop in the entry way. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around.  Walk past the settee and the nightstand.  Enter the next room and stand there on the tile.  Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go into the room next to the dresser with the lamp on it. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 From the window, go past the bed and into the closet area, stopping just outside of the closet/bathroom area. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk out of the bedroom and down the hallway into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a right and go up the stairs. Stop on the top of the stairs close the the first bench. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and walk down the hallway. Turn right and walk up the small set of steps. Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk out of the bedroom down the hall. Turn right and walk out of the kitchen. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the dining room table and chairs. Walk past the fridge. Stop in the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the fridge through the doorway.  Keep walking until the door to the garage is on your left and then stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway outside the kitchen. Stop outside of the door to the kitchen. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go through the passageway on the left, then turn right and go down the hallway. After that, take another right and go to the doorway to outside. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head towards stove and exit kitchen to the left. Turn right once out of kitchen. After the lamp, turn right again. Walk past art on wall and wait in doorway at end of hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the kitchen and take a slight left through the doorway. Turn right and then right again, walking past the side table. Wait near the entryway door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the stairs and take a left. Walk down the hall and take a left into the living room. Stop next to the gray chaise lounger nest to the piano. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn to the left and go down the stairs.  When you get to the bottom of the stairs, turn left and walk down a hallway.  Turn to the left immediately and walk towards the grand piano.  And stop there, wait. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down stairs, turn left at the bottom of the  stairs, go straight, turn left into the living room area, walk to wards the piano and stop beside the piano. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk straight to the door in front of you.  Walk over to the stove and turn to the right. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn to your left side and walk towards the wall oven. Turn around so you're at the side of the island across from the oven. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk by the stove and turn right. Stop in front of the double doors. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the door opposite the bathroom. Continue to the white bed. Turn around and go through the door on the right. Go straight through the double doors. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk into the bedroom, and into the hallway. In the hall walk straight and go to the white swinging doors. Enter the bedroom on the other side of the swinging door and top in the doorway on the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk into the bedroom and take an immediate hard left. Walk through the loft hallway and go through the double doors. Wait near the bathroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk upstairs and to the right. Wait at the end of the walkway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs.Turn to the right and walk past the balcony. Stop in the doorway to the master bedroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go to the top of the stairs and turn down the hallway towards the open area with the hanging light and continue to the bedroom at the far end with the long couch inside of it. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the nook and walk past the piano. Go up the steps and to the left. wait in the hallway at the bottom of the steps. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the bookshelves and out through the open entry way to the next room with a piano. Walk along the wall past the piano and up the small set of steps. Turn the corner and walk past the dresser with a glass vase on top. Turn the corner and walk down the hallway with wooden cabinets against the wall. 
82sE5b5pLXE Take a left and walk towards the piano. Take a left at the piano and walk up the steps. Walk down the stairs on the left and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn around and exit the room though the doorway to the left. Walk across the hallway, up some steps and enter the bathroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn around and take a left. Walk straight and go up the stairs. Walk straight again and walk into the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave the bedroom and take a left in the hallway then walk up the steps. Keep going straight then make a slight right and go into the bathroom and wait. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go left, between the counter and the white doors. Keep going straight in that direction until you reach the stairs. Go up the first flight of stairs and stop at the first platform. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the kitchen and walk straight towards the dining table. Keep walking and turn right when you see a white chair on the left. Walk up the four stairs and stop there. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the kitchen and walk past the dining area. Walk up the stairs and wait on the first landing. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past plant. Walk past lucite chairs. Walk past wood-framed window. Wait at wooden pallet table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk behind the table.  Turn to the right and walk by the white shelf and then turn to the left and walk down the middle of the room.  Stop when you come to the coffee table and white couch with the green pillows.  Wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around, walk to the left of the long table. Take a slight right, continue through the desks. Stop at the coffee table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Turn right and walk into the closet. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the room with the red bed, turn right - right before you get to the room. Walk down the hallway, take a left down the second hallway and stop once you walk into the room. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the two silver chairs and into the bedroom. Turn right and then right again. Walk past the glass bookshelf and turn left. Wait near the desk. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go right past the television to the door on your right and onto the hallway for the outside terrace. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Wait in the doorway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk across the room and through the door on the right. Wait outside on the walkway. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk around the table down the length of the room.  Stop behind the first chair that faces the window with the bookcase behind you. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk through the study area past the many bookshelves against the walls along the large table. Walk towards the stair well and turn around the end of the table towards the bookshelf on the opposite side of the room. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH walk across the library with the table on your left.  Then turn to the left and walk to the other side of the table. Wait at the corner of the table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go past the sinks and around the corner towards some class shelves.  Wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn right and walk across the bathroom. Turn right again and walk towards the glass shelf. Wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the sinks into the bathroom. Take a right at the end of the counter and stop in front of the bookcase with the glass shelves. 
V2XKFyX4ASd go straight towards the front door and make a right the walk straight down past the sofas and recliner and come to a stop right before the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and go straight, then take a left and go around the recliners. Go into the room that is on the far right the second door on the right. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk down the hallway opposite of the stairs, turn left and walk straight down second hallway, walk past couches and turn at the first door on the right, stop in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the room and go into the room across the hall then wait by the bed in the room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the massage tables with the hanging liquid dispensing pans above. Walk through the open door on the other side of the room and into the open room with a square tile mosaic floor. Walk into the door on the other side of the mosaic to the right of the paintings. Walk passed the sink area and towards the small bed near the bathtub. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Move for the open door on the left. Go through the doorway to exit this room and continue forward across the hall. Enter the room, make a slight left and wait near the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the stairs and go into the first room on the right.  Walk into the closet and stop once inside. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the stairs and turn right at the top. Walk through the bedroom door to the right and wait near the closet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go up the stairs and take a right. Enter the bedroom that is the first door on your right and go into the closet. Stop in the closet. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go to the right and down the hall. Wait in the bedroom doorway at the end of the hall. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Pivot left, then turn right to walk down the hallway towards the leather chairs and away from the steps. Walk past several rooms to the end of the hallway where you can see two rooms. One with a large bathtub (on the left) and the other with a bed (on the right). Walk into the room on the right with the bed, but stop when you are standing just inside the doorway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn right and walk past the leather chairs. Walk down the hallway and wait in the doorway to the bedroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go between the couches and TV, entering the nearest room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and then walk straight ahead through the living room. Stop and wait, once you exit the living room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight behind couch to tv wall. Turn left and exit living room to hallway. stop in hallway at open doors to couch room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Wall down the hallway keeping the pictures to your left. Stop next to the fire extinguisher. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the long hall with the window on the right. Stop next to the fire extinguisher. 
B6ByNegPMKs pass through hall with photos to left, stop before corner. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight and wait in the entryway of the room on the right. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hallway along the tall cupboards on the wall. Walk along the glass banister wall. towards the stairwell ahead. Walk past the laundry room and turn into the next door down the hall that has paintings on either side of the walls. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hall and turn right just before the stairs. Stop in the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight through the living room and past the small dining table. Wait near the giraffe print bench seat. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past libray ladder. Wait at striped rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the living room past the library. Walk straight towards the dining table and stop on the striped rug behind the first dining chair. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the office and turn right. Walk past the stairs and turn left. stop in front of the piano. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past desk. Walk to bottom of stairs. Make left opposite front door rug. Wait at piano. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past table and through double doors. Turn right And continue straight. Turn left and walk towards the sitting area. Wait by the piano. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the sitting area through the second set of doors on the right. Walk down the hall and wait in the room to the left, next to the wardrobe. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk around the two chairs to the right and step over the rope barrier. Walk down the hallway to the right and wait in the sitting room near the round table. 
VLzqgDo317F Enter the right room next to the fire extinguisher and stop at the stanchions. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room by going through the doorway on the left. Go straight and stop at the top of the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Facing the fireplace leave the room through the door on the right of the fireplace. Walk to the stairs, and stop at the top of the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Take first left through doorway, walk straight down red carpet, stop between the two large pillars on left side. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go left past the stairs and down the hallway through the first door on the left. Turn left and wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Move forward until you reach the open archway on your left. Turn left. Go through the archway and continued in your forward motion until you reach the middle of the hallway. Turn to your left then move through the open doorway and enter the bedroom. Move a little more in a forward direction until you are even with the doorknob on your left. Stop and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the top of the staircase and turn left through the opening. Turn left again and stop just inside the bedroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Move into the hallway with the tall house plant to your left. Move forward and pass the two doors to your left. Turn 45 degrees to the left and pass the grey couch to your left. Move toward the steps and turn left. Ascend two steps and then stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk along the hallway keeping to your left. Walk up the first few steps of the stairs to your left. Wait there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom FACING DOWN A HALLWAY WITH A WHITE FRAMED PICTURE TO THE LEFT AND A TABLE IN FRONT OF YOU WALK FORWARD DOWN TO THE END OF THE HALL AND TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT, WALK BETWEEN A GRAY COUCH AND A TABLE THEN TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE LEFT TOWARDS THE STAIRCASE, WALK UP THE FIRST FEW STEPS. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the closet and turn right to go into the hallway. Go right and continue through the hallway. Go up the first set of steps and turn right. Stop in the doorway of the workout room. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn to the right, and go out the door to the right.  Then you will go to the stairs and go up a few, but not all the way.  Then turn to the right.  You will be in a work out room.  Stop just inside of this room. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the door and turn right towards another door. Walk up the stairs. Turn right and stop in front of the yoga mats. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk down the stairs and make a right in the living room. Walk behind the couch and straight ahead to the garage door and wait. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down the stairs, taking a right and continuing past the living area, stopping on the wood outside the doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down the stairs, turn right, and stop before the planter box. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the kitchen and head into the dining room. Take a left before you reach the dining table and walk in the direction of the stairs. Stop next to the bottom of the stairs before you walk in front of the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and take a right past the counter. Take a left and walk past the couch and table. Wait next to the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk straight towards the stove and take a right, take your first left, walk past the long table and stop in fron the picture of a face. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk straight ahead, turn left at the fireplace and walk toward the windows. Wait by the coffee table. 
82sE5b5pLXE Enter the building, take a left and go through the living area and stop on the carpet. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk into the room with a fireplace and curving stone wall with couches on the opposite walls. Walk passed the tables and chairs in the middle of the room and walk towards the piano on the other side of the room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the entryway and through the open door into the home. Walk passed the cushioned benches and turn to walk passed the tiled room past the closed door with a plaque above the entry and stopping near the stairwell on the same wall. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk into the building and take a right towards the stairs. Walk to the stair case and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the doorway and past the leather benches. Turn slightly left and walk straight. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk towards the counter with the three bar chairs, and keep walking straight past them. Then walk directly through the doorway, and stop immediatly after passing it. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the tiled floor past the backside of the couches towards the dining room area. Pass by the columns and bar stool against the counter and continue foreward through the ached entryway to the next room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the hall past the living room on your right, and the kitchen on your left. Stop in the hall next to the thermostat before you reach the bathroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go around the table near the window and continue on past the ornate clock and go straight until you find the large office. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk across the room and wait by the open door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go into the room with the piano. Go through the rectangular door on the left and into the room with the fireplace. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the room a walk up the steps on the right. Wait in the hallway outside the weight room. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go out the door on your right. Go up the steps to the landing. Walk to the middle of the landing, then stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Leave the room and take a right. Go up the first few stairs and stop in the hallway outside the fitness room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the doorway, directly opposite of the window. Turn right after the doorway and walk towards the stair case, walk around the stair case on the farthest door on your left and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the door and make a right and walk towards the stairs. Turn left at the stairs and make another left by the bench then make a right at the bench and wait by the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the door and into the hallway. Continue out into the open room and walk around the banister rail into the room. Walk towards the nearest round table and then continue across the room towards the first set of two chars near against the wall. Continue along the wall to the banister on the other side of the stairwell and stop near the arched doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and go down the hallway.  Continue down the marbled hallway.  When you get to a room with carpet, a work out room, stop there.  Wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through hallway with mirror on left wall, walk straight through until room with exercise equipment is reach, walk through door and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward With the patio at your back, and take a left at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway into the fitness room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and go down a long hallway.  Stay on the runner.  Go up a few steps.  when you get to the top of the stairs, that's where you will wait. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the hall following the red and gold runner, and go up the small flight of stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs just outside the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Follow the rug down the hallway. Go up the stairs and stop at the bathroom door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the living room area past the couches and coffee table. Walk through the open wall out into the backyard area. Walk along the tile pathway around the pool and down the small set of steps beside the lawn area. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk into the house and go through the living room out to the pool. walk along the path along between the pool and the grass And go down the stairs. Stop on the last stair near the black lounge chair. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and enter the living room area. Turn right and walk along the pool side by the left. Turn slightly left and wait by the beach chairs. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk past the sink and take a right. Walk past the dishwasher and wait at the end of the counters and in front of the cupboards. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn to the right and go past the counter island.  Go past the dishwasher and towards the stove.  When you get in front of the cabinets, stop there and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right. Walk around kitchen island. Turn right around kitchen island. Stop in front of counter to left of the stove. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down to the bottom of the stairs. Walk forward into the hallway passing the painted pictures of crabs. Walk down the hall along the banister railing. Turn around the banister and continue towards the staircase. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down stairs. Walk past crab art. Make right down hallway. Walk past painting of ship. Wait at top of stair landing. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go down the stairs and down the hallway. At the end of the railing turn right towards the stairs. Stop next to the corner of the railing. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk out of the bathroom, and bedroom into the hall. in the Hall take a left, and another left into the laundry room. Stop in front of the sink in the laundry room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk around the bed and into the open door on the opposite side. Walk straight ahead to the open door. Turn left and enter the laundry room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Start in the Bathroom, head straight into the bedroom take a left and walk around the bed, exit the room continue straight and take a hard left into the laundry room, and then stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk around the hot tun and enter the first door past it. In the house take a right into the are with the bed. Stop next to the window before you reach the rug. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left to go to the palm tree. Continue past the second palm tree and turn right. Take a left and go through the door. Turn right and go straight until you reach the first lamp. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk around the potted plant and turn left. walk past the Jacuzzi tub and turn right. Walk to the left of the pillar into the building. Turn right and stop just inside the bedroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk out of the bathroom.  Continue past the closet area.  When you get into the bedroom and are next to the bed, on the side, stop.  Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the bathroom and keep going straight past the closet. Wait near the nightstand. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Stop in front of the bench across from the bed. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go downstairs and wait near the bottom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa go downstairs, stop at bottom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Take a left down the stairs and walk down the stairs and wait at the second to the last stair. 
i5noydFURQK Walk through the doorway with the mirror on the door. Walk through the room, and into the first doorway on the left. Stop right in front of toilet. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the closet and walk straight through the room past the bed and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the closet and walk across the room tot he bathroom. Stop in front of the toilet closet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk straight through the door and turn left. Walk up the stairs on the left, and then turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the room with the phone on the wall and go up the stairs.  Enter the first room at the top and stop at the foot of the bed in front of the backgammon table. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the elevator. Turn left and go all of the way up the stairs to the top. enter the door on the left and go to the backgammon board. 
s8pcmisQ38h Climb the stairs and walk past the windows on the right. Climb the next set of stairs and wait at the top next to the green and white chair. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk up the stairs. Walk forward past the windows and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk up the stairs, past the windows, and up the next set of stairs.  Stop next to the first chair at the top of the second set of stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk around the bed and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the sink. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk around the bed and into the bathroom. Stop just inside the doorway. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn around and walk along the bed to the other side and enter the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk around the front of the bed and to the doorway go through there and wait just inside the hall way. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk around the bed. Stop just outside the doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bedroom and step into the hallway. Stop in the hallway outside the doorway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the bedroom, and take a right. Go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs outside of the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs and walk down the hall. Stop just past the top of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk towards the doorway to the left of the bed. Leave the bedroom. Turn right to walk towards the stairs. Move up the stairs. Stop on the landing. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Stepout of the bathroom and into the hall way and make a right and walk into the foyer and turn right and walk to the end of the stairs and make a left and walk to doorway between the statue of a person with a hat on and the vase and walk though the doorway and wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk out the bathroom and turn right, walking straight towards the staircase. Walk right till you reach the beginning of the staircase, and walk directly straight towards the set of doors to the right of the two gray chairs. Stop when you walk direclty through the doors. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk out of the bathroom and make a right, walk to the stairs then make a right. Make a left at the stairs then walk into the room directly in front of you. Wait by the door. 
rPc6DW4iMge From the stairs turn right and walk around the staircase then walk down the hall. Then take a right and wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk through the hallway ahead. Walk past the stairs and turn into the first open door on the right that leads into a bathroom with a large glass shower. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past stairs. Walk through open door. Make hard right. Wait at open door on right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom and take a right turn.  Walk down the hall and stop at the gray stone flooring.  Take a left turn and continue walking.  Take a left turn into a dining area with bookshelves.  Walk past the table in this room and stand at the edge of the rug where you can view the next room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Leave the room and take a right. Once on the stone ground take a left, and go straight. take a left into the dining room. Walk forward and stop in the doorway to the living room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit bedroom and walk down hallway. When you have and opening to your left in front of a wooden door, turn left toward the potted plants. Follow this pathway until you can turn left just before the white chair, into the library. Walk past the sink on the right side of the table and wait at the entryway of the living room. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the bathroom and walk to the right. Enter the massage room that is the last door on your right. Walk into the room that is the farthest right and stop inside, the room next to the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk away from the sinks and exit through the doorway
Once out of the bathroom proceed towards your right
at the end of the hallway walk through the last doorway on your right that says Turk Hamami Sauna
continue straight and walk through the doorway with a brown rug in front of it. Stop in front of the shoes and towels set out. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn to the right. Walk through the doorway. Walk down the hall to the right. Enter the last door on the right. Walk through the room. Stop in the doorway on the opposite side of the room. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward away from the pool and and enter the room that is second on the right. Stop at the between the massage beds next to the checkered cloth. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk straight but slightly to the right. There will be a door immediately to your right, the door has a crash-bar attached to it, walk pass that door until you pass a picture frame on your right. Immediately after that picture frame make a quick right into that door and wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the pool area, and to your right there is a massage room. Enter room and stop at the foot of the beds. 
sKLMLpTHeUy turn left and walk across kitchen to dinning room. Turn slight left and enter living room. Stop at couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk to the kitchen and take a left. Walk down forward into the living room and stop on the rug next to the edge of the white couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go into the kitchen area and turn hard left. Walk past the dining table and stop at the nearest end of the sofa. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight along brick. turn right at bushes. turn slight left and walk towards door. turn left and enter door way into living room. At table and chairs turn hard right and walk straight. Stop between giant pillar and chair. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk to the right down the balcony, passing the white chair on your left, and enter the sitting room. In the sitting room take a right and stop in front of the first large brown leather chair. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn right and enter left side room and turn right again near table and chair. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bedroom. Walk across the hall into the kitchen. Turn right and stop by the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk out of the bedroom. Take a right and wait in the kitchen. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk past the foot of the bed.  Go out the doors and continue straight.  Then turn right when you get to an indoor/outdoor kitchen.  Then stand by the stove and wait. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and walk up the stairs and take a right. Take another right at the fireplace and wait on the third step on the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn right past the bear. Walk forward past the fireplace. Walk up to the third step and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs. Turn right and continue past the chairs to the fireplace. Turn right to go up three stairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Take a left and walk out of the room. Wait by the doorway that goes outside to the pool on the right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the room, walk and pass spa room, and wait at the door open to outdoor pool. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the door to your left, straight down the hallway, and turn into the doorway to your right that is just past the doorway with the plant. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the room and take a left. Walk forward out of the kitchen and heading into the living room. Once you pass the dining table take a right and walk up the stairs. Stop once you are at the top of the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walking away from the backyard, walk into the house and make a left towards the stove. Walk out of the kitchen into the living area where the black table and light grey couches are. Make a right towards the stairs. Climb to the very top of the landing up the stairs and stand near the bar area and sculpture. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the house and take a left turn to walk along the doors with curtains on your left.  Take a right turn past the table and walk up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Enter the large living room. Turn left and go past the grey couch, past the brown couch and to the door on the left. Enter the bathroom and face the window. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk forward into the living room and take a left. Walk straight past the kitchen and take the first left after the patio. Enter the patio kitchen and stop once you are in the room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go straight down hallway, turn left towards the kitchen area, walk straight passed the kitchen towards the doorway, take the first left into the outdoor/indoor kitchen area. stop beside the sink. 
i5noydFURQK turn left at the counter with all the pictures. Head down the hall and turn right, entering the bedroom. Turn left and enter the walk-in closet. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the bedroom and take a left. At the end of the hall take a right. In the bedroom take a left into the closet and stop in the doorway to the closet. 
i5noydFURQK Go left past the bathroom. Turn right into the bedroom and make a left into the walk-in closet. Stop by the mirrored door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward past the large entryway doors on your left.  Take another left at the end of the hallway and stop before entering the door past the brown/black chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right and enter the hallway, then turn left and stop outside of the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn to the right and walk past the open doors on the left. Walk forward and turn left. Wait by the black padded chair. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go to the end of the counter, turn left, beside the double chest of drawers turn left, go straight, stop beside the large snail on the floor. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Take a right and then take a left. Take another left and wait in the huge shower. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk forward and take a left. take the next left and enter the tile with the mosaic. Stop in front of the snail on the ground. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk out the door that has the swirl on it. Make a left into the room directly next door. Go to the end of the room by the mirror. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the locker room and take a left in the open area. Take an immediate left into the locker room. Go into the bathroom on the right and stop in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A exit toilet to dressing room and enter next room. Turn left and left again to reach adjoining room. Enter room and walk slight right to open door behind bench. Stop at shower. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the lounge chairs and stop in front of the patio chairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk just to the left and go across the front of the sunning beds and wait by the doorway next to the living room/kitchen area. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn to the right and walk by the base of the chairs.  Continue on towards the house.  When you are about 5 feet away from the house, please stop.  Wait. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk out of the door with the large clock on your left.  Go down the hall to the stairs,  Stop a couple of steps down and wait. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Face the large clock on the wall and proceed to the doorway to the right of the clock
Walk through the doorway and down the hallway until you are at the top of a set of stairs. Take two steps down the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and exit the room by the door on the left. Walk straight down the hallway. Walk down a couple of steps and wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down the walkway, take a left and enter the bedroom. Take a right and continue until you get outside, stopping in the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk down the hall along the banister rail on the upper floor of the home. Walk past the windows towards the mirror on the wall ahead. Turn and walk out through the door near the mirror. Walk into the bedroom and stop near the foot of the bed. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk towards the wall that has a mirror and enter the bedroom on the left.  Walk through the bedroom and step outside. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk into the bedroom area. Walk through the other door near the armchair. Walk into the hall and through the first open door ahead. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the bathroom. Walk into the bedroom and take a left. Walk into the hallway. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bathroom and walk forward into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and walk down the hall and enter the bathroom through the first door on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and take a left and then take a right. Wait next to the desk and the small white table on the left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the left around desk in front of you. turn right and walk along long table. Turn left at 2nd chair. Stop at desk. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around. Go straight and make a left after you reach the end of the first table on the left. Travel toward the magazine rack and make a right. Go forward and make a left into the room with a white lamp. 
i5noydFURQK Go down the stairs and take a right. Walk through the kitchen and take a left at the end of the counter. Walk into the dining area and stop next to the counter. 
i5noydFURQK Walk down the stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs, turn right and walk across the kitchen.  Make a left when you get to the refrigerator.  Stop when you get to the white canisters on the countertop on your right side. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and down the stairs. Turn right and walk across the kitchen. Turn left and wait by the small dining table. 
759xd9YjKW5 Face the clock. Go through the door on the left. Walk to the rug and turn right. Go up the stairs until at the top. 
759xd9YjKW5 With the kitchen behind you walk out through the door on your left. Walk to the rug in the middle of the foyer and take a right up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go out take right side upstairs. wall post is there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the wine room and take a right. Walk towards the patio doors. Stop in the patio doorway behind the first chair on the right. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward through the glass doors and turn right. Walk forward and turn right again, walking past the glass top table. Turn slight left and walk to the entryway. Wait near the lounge chairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the glass doors. Turn right and walk towards the chairs. Walk towards the sofas outside. Wait there. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk forward down the hallway. Go down the next hall past the sitting area. Take the first right into the bedroom and stop once you are past the door. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk through the hall and across the room. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Stop in front of the chair. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around and walk straight across. Take a right into the bedroom and wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the room, go right and continue to the hallway. Take a left at the end of the hallway, enter the room and stop in the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the door. Make a right and walk to the door that is left of the wide wall art. Make a left into the room with the wicker chair. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the massage room and take a right. Take a left and head down the hall and enter the room on the left. Stop inside the doorway for the reception area. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and exit the bathroom. Walk along the hallway. Turn right and wait by the white sofa and portrait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the bathroom and across the hall. Turn right and walk through the double doors. Stop behind the couch. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bathroom and go down the hall. At the end of the hall take a right and enter the living room. Stop next to the three shelves on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and into the doorway on the left. Walk straight towards the stairwell. Wait in front of the doorway on the left that is past the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Face the bed. Exit through the only door with a rounded arch on the left.Continue through the hallway to the staircase. Pass the staircase on the left and go to the hallway near the railing. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk to the door at the foot of the bed and exit the room. Walk out into the open area and go around the stairs to the door way opposite the bedroom. Stop before entering the hallway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk through the room and through the sliding glass door and stop on the deck. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk forward through the living room and out onto the patio. Stop on the patio next to the small blue plant pot. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk across the kitchen area towards the glass panes. Walk towards the grill outside. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom by walking through the open doorway and enter the bedroom. Walk forward until you reach the corner of the bed. Continue on through the open doorway ahead of you to exit the bedroom. Take a few forward steps passed the bedroom door and stop and wait. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Walk through the bedroom and stop in the hallway outside. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and wait in the hallway just outside the bedroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk down the steps and turn right. Walk forward past the guitar. Walk into the second door to the left. Stop just inside the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk down the stairs and take a right. Walk forward and enter the foyer through the second door on the left. Stop inside the doorway next to the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk straight and then turn right at the couch. Walk straight past the guitar and then walk into the middle doorway. Wait in the entryway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the house and take a right. Go straight into the kitchen at the end of the hall. Stop behind the first dining chair you come to. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and walk into the house. Turn right after the post. Wait in front of the table straight ahead. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk inside and walk right until you enter the kitchen.  Stop by the first chair at the wooden table under the chandelier. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Turn left and walk to the top of the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and walk toward the white counter. Exit the room. Turn left and enter the door to the right. Wait by the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom.  Turn left and walk past the painting of the girl reading the book and turn left again into the hallway.  Walk to the stairs heading down and stop at the top.  Do not go down the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk into the room past the fireplace. Turn left and walk past the white table into the hallway. Turn right and continue walking straight. When you see an open door, turn right and continue to walk. When you get to the corner of the hallway, turn left and stop in the doorway of the bedroom in front of you. 
759xd9YjKW5 Leave the living room walking into the dining/library. In he library take a left and walk out into the hall. Take a right in the hall and straight and take the last right, then a left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 turn around and walk through the doorway then turn left. Take a right in the hall and enter the door on your right then take a left into the bedroom and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the kitchen through the door by the refrigerator. Stop in the doorway to the hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk left to counter, turn right and walk towards the oven.turn slight right and go forward to hallway.stop in hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go around the counter and stop at the entrance to the hallway. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk forward. Left through doorway before stairs. Turn right to walk up stairs. Stop at top of stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go straight and then just before you get to the stairs, turn left.  Then walk to the staircase and then go up them.  You'll be in a room with tables and chairs along with a marble bar.  Stop and wait just before the table and chairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk through the living room and take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs on the right and enter the kitchen. Stop once you are at the top of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk to the left of the pillar. Walk past the table and chairs. Stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn right and exit the building, going into the small outdoor area. Stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn right and walk across the room through the tables and exit the room via the doors and wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right. Walk past couch through doorway. Walk down stairs into kitchen and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk away from the table tennis table. Go down the stairs through the doorway on the right and  stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk across main office to doorway on the right. Walk down the stairs and stop at bottom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the wet bar, walk straight ahead and wait in the bathroom at the end. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk forward into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk straight into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go up the stairs and veer right. Enter the living room and take a right before the piano. Take another right and enter the library area. Stop just inside the entry to the library. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk up the stairs and walk past the end table. Walk in front of the piano and turn right. Walk in front of the shelves and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go up the stairs, continue straight and take a right at the piano. Take another right into the small room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk straight. Make a slight left to walk through the hallway. Turn slight left into the room and take a right. Walk past the counter and take a right. Wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go through the large double doors and keep going straight, veer left past the stone wall. Continue to the table with four photos above it. Turn right and go straight to the stairs on the left. Enter the room with the large circular mirror. Travel to the fireplace. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go through the doorway.  Stay straight and go on through the kitchen. Jump the banister, and go into the living room.  Stop there and wait. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn to the right and go down the stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs turn left and proceed out to the patio.  Stop right there, you will see the pool in front of you.  Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go down the stairs, turn left into the dining room/living room, veer right an continue towards the open door between the dining room table and couch, stop once outside but next to the end table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk down the stairs and take a left. Walk down more stairs and wait next to the glass door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk straight down hallway. Turn right and take 3 steps. turn slight right and enter next room in front. turn left and stop at front door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM go straight down the hallway, turn right at the end of the hallway, go straight, turn left, stop by the exterior door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk forward away from the stairs. Take a right in the hall. Go forward into the entry and stop in front of the white door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk to the potted plant. Make a right into the room with the sink and tub. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk away from the couch and under the landing of the staircase above your head.  There are five doors in front of you.  Walk through the doorway that is just to the right of the center door.  This will take you into a bathroom.  Walk into the bathroom and stop in front of the mirror. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk past the kitchen and enter the bathroom through the second door on the right. Stop in front of the bathroom sink. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward and out of the kitchen into the room with the pink dining chairs. Walk across the foyer and enter the office. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the pantry area and make a slight right and go through the dinning room.  Then walk through the foyer and step into the office area and wait in the doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right, go down the hallway.  Go into the dirnng room and past the table and chairs.  Go to the pillar and to the slight right of it.  GO past the chair and into the door on the far left.  Wait right inside of that den's door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around to leave the room. Walk down the hall and turn right at the large doorway across from the water fountain. Walk towards the stars. Walk past the stairs to the space on the right. Walk under the stairs. Turn right and stop halfway down the hall. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave the bathroom and take a right into the main room. Walk past the service buffet table  and stairs, and take the first right. Stop in front of the bench below the bridal room sign. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit bathroom to hallway. turn right and enter main lobby. Turn left and walk towards room with stairs on the right and hanging lights. Turn slight right walking passed white table to hallway on right. Turn right and walk down hallway. Stop at the bench. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the hallway passed the closed door and around the corner. Continue into the next hallway, which has a tiled floor. Walk down the tiled hallway passed the potted plant and wooden farm tools. Turn into the dining room and wlk passed the dining table. Walk through the opened archway and into the next room with a fireplace. 
759xd9YjKW5 Leave the room and take a right. Out of the room take a left and a left into the hall. Walk down the hall and take a left into the dining room. In the dining room take a right into the living room. Stop in front of the cabinet on the left. 
759xd9YjKW5 Take a left and then take a right. Walk out of the room. Take a left. Take another left at the table and chairs. Walk past the table and chairs and take a right. Wait next to the couch. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk straight all the way across the room. Wait in the kitchen doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk along the hallway with the glass windows to the right. Wait by the doorway just before entering the kitchen area. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk straight and wait in between the dining room and the kitchen. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go past the couch and down the hallway.  Stop right when you get to the kitchen.  Wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the porch and make a right then walk down the hall and wait in the entryway of the kitchen. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward, around the black leather chair on the left. Continue forward past the dining table and wait at the entrance to the kitchen. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk forward into the kitchen and through the door at the end of the kitchen. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the garage. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go through the room with the two tables and through the door at the end of the room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Head straight through the kitchen. Wait in the doorway exiting the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward into the dining room with the curved chair. walk straight across the living room into the hall across the room. Stop next to the door inside the hall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right and walk through the door. Walk across the room and through the door straight across. Stop once you take a step through the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Take a right and walk out of the room and keep walking until you reach another doorway. Walk through that doorway and wait in the hall. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward into the open area and take a left. Go to the wall way on your far right, to the right of the stairs, and stop before you enter the hall. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk into the larger hall. Take a left and  stop at the intersection at the end of the hall on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH go straight ahead into the room, turn left, go slightly right between two tables, go past the stairs to the right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bedroom, turn left and wait at the exit. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Stop in the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the bedroom and wait in the doorway to outside that is on the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and walk out of the room. Walk into the room that is straight ahead and wait in the entry way. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the pool through the door on the left of the lounge chairs. Walk straight through this area to the doorway on the right. Stop inside the doorway in front of the plant. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk past the white couches.  Go into the next room and down the hall, past the steps.  Veer to the right and stop in the hallway.  Wait there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk past pictures towards white globe on floor. After you go through the doorway, take a right. Go past closet and wait at entrance to the bathroom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the first set of stairs and take the first right and walk into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go down the hallway and turn right before the steps. Walk straight ahead and stop by the bathroom sink. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the den, turn right and walk past the dining table. Wait in the sitting area by the chairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn to the right and exit out of the office. Take a left and wait by the white chair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the home office and take an immediate left.  Continue ahead and wait in front of the coffee table and sofas. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk to left of the dinning table and make a right at the end of the table and another right and walk to the middle of the table and wait there. 
17DRP5sb8fy go straight beside the table, turn right at the end of the table, go straight and turn right beside the table and walk straight beside the table. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Turn right and stop by the Dining room table and chairs. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around and wait at the end of the hall. 
s8pcmisQ38h exit sitting room to hallway. Walk down hallway to first room on the right and stop at doorway. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around. Walk through the doorway and down the hall. Stop between two doors opposite each other. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room walking past the television on your right.  Take a left turn and walk past the two bookshelves on your left.  Take another left turn and stop inside of the bathroom area by the light switches. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the room and turn left. Walk out of the office and turn left. Walk into the bathroom and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the TV room and walk into the office. Leave the office and enter the bedroom, and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A FACING THE SHOWER TURN AROUND AND WALK TO THE END OF THE SHOWER ROOM, FACING A BLACK CABINET TURN RIGHT AND WALK DOWN THE HALL, CONTINUE DOWN THE HALLWAY PAST THE LAUNDRY BASKETS TOWARDS THE OPEN DOOR ON THE RIGHT, TURN RIGHT AND WALK INTO THE ROOM, WALK TO THE TABLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROOM. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn away from the showers, walk straight, turn right down the hallway, go straight passed the baskets on the floor, turn right after the baskets, enter the room and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk into the room and stop. 
HxpKQynjfin Leave the porch and go inside and make a right towards the bed. Go to the left corner of the bed then make a left. Stop at the clothes rack. 
HxpKQynjfin Turn and walk through the doorway. Walk towards the bed. Turn left and walk towards the bathroom. Stop in front of the robes hanging in the closet. 
HxpKQynjfin Enter the bedroom and walk around the bed into the closet. Stop in the closet. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around to walk out of the closet towards the mirror and hallway. Turn right to walk towards the stone floored area. Walk forward into the stone floored area and towards the zebra picture. Turn left and then immediately right to walk into the short hallway with the long glass topped table. Walk forward down this hallway toward the small tan fabric and dark wood chair. Turn right to walk through the small door into the laundry area. Stop when you are right inside this area, right next to the door handle and facing the sink and washer/dryer. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and talk out of the closet toward the mirror.Take a right the slight left toward the cupboard.take a right into the laundry room and stop at the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the closet an take a right. Exit the door there and enter a hall. In the hall go straight and veer left towards the credenza, and enter that hall. Enter the laundry room through the door that is the first on your right. Stop in the laundry room next to the door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk to the front entrance of the house and stop in front of the gate. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk along path headed towards cacti. Pass the short round ones and continue past the tall cylindrical ones. Now head towards two potted plants next to a doorway. Wait in front of doormat, next to barred door. 
82sE5b5pLXE move down the path with the wall on the left and the outside on the right, stop next to the gate to the pool area. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall and exit the room. Take a left and stop in the doorway to the living room. 
JeFG25nYj2p TURN TO FACE THE BATHROOM DOORWAY THAT OPENS TO THE HALL WITH A TOWEL TO THE LEFT, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR, IN THE HALL TURN RIGHT AND WALK TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY, TURN LEFT AT THE END OF THE HALL UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR TO THE LEFT AND A RECESSED STATUE IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK TO THE DOOR ON THE LEFT THAT LEADS TO A LIVING ROOM. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk to the end of the hall. Turn hard left. Wait in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the room on the left. Walk past the table and then walk past the bed. Walk out of the room and wait in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go down the hallway, take a right in the bedroom and once at the foot of the bed, take a right and stop in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk out of the room and to the right of the center table. Walk into the middle doorway and stop. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk in between the tables and chairs into the room that is straight ahead. Wait there. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk forward and into the ballroom. Stop once you are on the carpet in the ballroom. 
PuKPg4mmafe Please cross chairs and table. Then enter into the big hall. You can see chair. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs. Take a left and walk up more stairs. Take a right and walk up more stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs into the kitchen and take a left to continue up the stairs. Take a right and to up the very top of the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up few steps in front of you and turn left. Go up those steps as well. At the top of these, turn right and continue up longer staircase. Wait at top of stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bedroom and turn left at the double doors. Wait in the bathroom at the end of the hall. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Travel to the bedstand left of the bed, and exit out the door to the left. Turn left and down the hallway to the bathroom sink. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Leave the bedroom and take a left. Take a left down the hallway and walk straight into the bathroom at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the sink. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the gym and turn left in front of the mirror into the bedroom. Turn left past the bench and stop in front of the cabinet. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Move forward with the gym equipment to your left and the wall mirror to your right. Pass through the doorway nearest the wall mirror. Turn 45 degrees right and move forward. Stop when you reach the third door to your left and turn left. Pass through the doorway and turn to your right when you pass the bench to your right. Move forward with the bench to your left and the cabinet to your right. Pass through the entryway and stop at the tall wooden cabinet to your left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Face the wall that is covered in a giant mirror, and proceed through the doorway to your left
Follow the hallway until there is a mirror on your right and turn left through the double doors to enter a bedroom
Turn right once you enter the room and proceed into the bathroom until there is a chandelier above your head and two doorways in front of you. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the locker room and then out of the relaxing room by going through the doorway on the right. Go into the massage room that is the second room on the right and wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the bathroom, walk straight ahead directly towards the area in between the basket which will be on your right and the wooden glass wall which is on your left. Continue to walk straight until you pass three picture portraits that will be on your right side. Once you pass the last picture portrait, make a right at the second door and then wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through open men's bathroom door. Walk past wood and glass room divider on left. Walk past metal wall sculpture on left. Walk to second door on the right. Wait at foot of massage bed in center of room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the bathroom and take a left past the pool table. Walk straight and go up the stairs, stop on the second stair from the top. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit bathroom and turn left past the pool table into the living room. Continue straight past the couches and carpeted stairs. Once you reach wooden stairs, go up one and wait on the second. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk past the bar and stairs. Walk up the stairs. Stop on the second step. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom, turn left, stop on the white rug. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go into the hallway and turn left. Wait in the room at the end of the hallway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom and turn left. 
proceed down the hallway towards the bedroom and stop before you make it to the white carpet. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn around and walk up the steps and through the glass doors. Stop Just outside the doors. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs and into the foyer. In the foyer walk forward, and out of the door and onto the patio. Stop on the patio nest to the doors. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs and proceed to the doors leading to the back yard. Stop on the patio, just outside the doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go through the archway ahead.  Pass the rug and enter the hallway to the right of the stairs. Go through the hallway go right around the bookcase and continue down the hall to the exercise room with the treadmill. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk out of the large passageway, over the oriental rug, and into the doorway just past it. Make a right into the room. Make a left around the tall bookshelf. Walk straight into the room with the treadmills in it. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk to the right a little. Veer to the right when you get in the big room.  Keep going and you'll be in the kitchen.  Take the route to the doorway in the kitchen and go through it.  You'll be in a little workout room.  Stop right there by the tv.  Wait. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and walk out of the room. Walk down the hall and take a left into the bedroom. Take a right and wait in front of the closet. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bedroom, go to the bedroom directly across the hallway and just to the left of the stairs. Once you are in the bedroom make a left and then two quick rights and wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the room and head into the door on the left of the stairs. In the room take a left and a right. Take another right into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight through to doorway on the other side of the room. Turn left and stop on the stairs near the table. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight past the hot tubs.  Go through the doorway and turn to the right.  Then veer to the left and stop there.  Wait. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom walk forward with the pool on your left. Enter the house and take a right. Go forward into the living room and stop in the living room doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the living room through the double door and walk straight down the hall. Take a left at the end of the hall and another left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight down the hallway. Make a left at the chair in the corner. Make another left into the bathroom by the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out the double doors and head straight towards the chair in the hallway.  Turn left and enter the bathroom on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward and slightly right and exit the room. Turn right and walk forward. Turn left and wait in the middle of the hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the office.  Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left at the first intersection and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through the door and to the left. Take the first right down the hall and stop near the column. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn towards dining room table on left. Turn towards pool on left. Walk past outdoor love seat on left. Walk past hot tub on right. Walk to beige floor rug on the right. Wait at corner of beige woven rug under coffee table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the outdoor pool area and enter the house from the doors with the two PGI homes mats outside them.  Walk past the two beige rugs inside the doors and stop a step back from the corner of the rug that's by the couch and two small recliner chairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Head toward the potted plants next to the pool. Go through the doorway by the PGI Homes welcome mats. Stand next to the couch. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the bedroom and into the hall. Walk up the stairs and make a sharp left. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go straight and take left upstairs near two wall posters ar e there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and leave the room. Walk down the hall to the stairs. Walk up both flights of stairs. Stop at the top on the landing. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the kitchen and take a right into the hallway. In the hall take the right into the den, then a left into the dining room. In the dining room stop next to the door near the vent in the floor. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go out the door and turn right. Go into the door that leads to a hallway. Take the first right into the room with lots of chairs. Turn left and go into the room with door handles on the wall. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and walk out of the room. Take a right into a hallway and take your first right. Wait next to the long table. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight and turn to the right.  Continue going outside, up to the back of the first chair.  Stop and wait right there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Take a right and walk towards the white couches. Wait next to the first white couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward and turn left. Walk slightly left, following the countertop on the left and walk through the glass doors into the sitting room. Wait near the couch. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left. Walk past the bed. Turn left to walk out the doorway. Walk towards the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bedroom, go straight ahead and then make a quick right to the stairs and wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Go past the bed and into the room with the chairs. Turn left into the hallway. Go up two stairs. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the bathroom and across the room into the closet near the exit door. In the closet stop next to the shelf on the left wall. 
i5noydFURQK Go our and turn left and take right. Then go straight. then enter dressing room. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the bathroom.  Walk across the bedroom and into the closet. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Leave the bathroom into the bedroom and turn right and leave the bedroom.  Go up the stairs and stop on the last step before reaching the stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go to the bed. Go to the light switch. Go up two stairs. Go up five stairs. Go up five stairs. Go up five stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Leave the bathroom, turn right, leave the bedroom, go up the stairs, and wait. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk across the room and go down the hall next to the refrigerator. Turn right and wait in front of the door on the left. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go through the living room, past the kitchen, pass the dining room table and go into the hallway then turn right and head straight into the laundry room. Wait near the laundry sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and head towards the table. Turn right and head between the couches. make left and turn right towards the refrigerator. Finally follow down the hall way , turn right at the door and stop once you  reach the door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Standing in front of the family picture, turn left and walk straight through the bathroom past the tub and mirrors.  Go through the doorway and stop when the door to the bathroom is on your right and the door to the closet is to your left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk with the family photo on your right. Continue straight into the bathroom. Walk past the bathtub. Stop in the hall between the bathroom and toilet doorways. 
VzqfbhrpDEA walk straight passed bathtub and stop with closet on the left and toilet on the right. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 exit bedroom through doorway on the left. stop in hall on red rug. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bedroom and stop in the hall right next to the hanging rug. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk and turn left towards the bed. Walk passing the bed, and turn right on the very first door. Stop at the doormat. 
2n8kARJN3HM With your back towards the wooden table and chairs, go forward and turn right to go down the hallway until you're at the entrance to the ladies room on your right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave office and turn right past the artwork on a pedestal. Take hallway with rug in front of you. After the rug ends, wait in the first doorway on your right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the dining room and go down the hallway on the right. Wait in the doorway of the ladies' bathroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go to the statue. Go to the bottom of the stairs. Enter the room on the left. Go to the first white chair. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go down the stairs and turn left. Wait near the black table. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Pass the knights on the left and continue down the wooden stairs. Turn to the left and enter the doorway. Wait near the glass coffee table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go to the zebras. Go to the cheetah. Go to the glass table. Go to the brown cabinet. Go to the three legged chair. Go to the doorstop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the zebra painting towards the closed door.  Turn right.  Walk through the open door and stop inside the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go straight until you get to a door then before the door turn right. Head straight until you pass a chair and go into the room straight ahead. Wait at the entrance. 
vyrNrziPKCB Pass the pool and go indoors using the double glass doors. Pass the large table with chairs and turn left and wait by the wine bottles that have grapes by them. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight through the room and exit out the door on the left. Keep going past the large table and turn left. Walk down the hallway and stop when you reach the 2 entry ways. One in front of you and one to your right. The bar area is to your left. 
vyrNrziPKCB Enter house through double doors, continue straight across dining room, turn left into bar and stop on the circle on the ground. 
i5noydFURQK Go up two stairs. Go up seven stairs. Go to the aqua painting. Go to the yellow painting. Go to the bedroom door. Go to the closet. 
i5noydFURQK walk up the stairs to the landing, turn left, walk up the rest of the stairs, turn left and walk down the hallway, straight into the bedroom, turn left at the first doorway and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Walk up stairs. At the top of the stairs turn left and walk straight to bedroom. Turn left and enter closet. Stop next to mirror. 
uNb9QFRL6hY At the top of the stairs, take a left until you see a small set of stairs to your left. Take the stairs and continue down the hallway to the door at the end. Enter through the door into the bedroom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk into larch archway, go left up stairs. Follow hallway straight up stairs. Stop inside bedroom with glass double doors on your left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk towards the hall past the staircase. Go up the steps on the left, down the hall and wait in the bedroom at the top of the second set of steps. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go away from the drums. Go to the plant. From the plant, go through the second doorway on the right side. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk past the guitars on the wall and enter the middle door. Wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX walk away from the drumset, walk past one doorway on your left and walk through the second doorway on your left. Stop once inside. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the room with the toilet. Turn right and walk past the large bathtub. Continue walking out of the room with the large bathtub, past a small room with a sink and microwave. Enter the bedroom with the wooden floor and wait in the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Head toward the closet and turn left into the bathroom.  Go through the bathroom and stop in the bedroom doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit through the door and turn left. Walk through the next area with the bathtub on the right and wait at the entrance to the bedroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk past the fireplace, to through the doorway to the left of the lounger chair, walk past the table on the left and stop in the doorway on the right next to the door to outside. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk across the bedroom and through the double doors. Wait in the bathroom on the other side of the dining area. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go passed the fireplace and go through the door on the right passed the loveseat. Enter the room and go passed the dinner table. Continue and go through the doorway and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the hall and up the stairs.  Stop on the stairs before the last two steps and wait on there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight toward the stairs and up the stairs. Wait at three steps to the top. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the hallway, then turn left to ascend the stairs. Wait at the top of the staircase. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the two chairs on the left and down the hall to the left of the fireplace. Turn left at the first doorway where a handicap sign will be on your left. enter the bedroom and stop before you make it to the bed. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn and face the fireplace. Head out of the room to the hallway on your left. Enter the first room on your left with the handicap sign. Stop once you have entered the room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Pass the bear and when you get to the fireplace turn left. Turn right in the hallway and stop after you turn left in first door. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the short flight of five stairs, then ahead and towards the right into the bedroom with the door marked with a cross of red warning tape marked "DANGER - PELIGRO". 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the steps and past the plant. Go past the stairs and then turn right. When you go into that room wait near the bed. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs and pass the shelf with books. Pass the plant as well, and turn right. Enter the bedroom, and stop right in front of the bed. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go into the hallway and turn left.  Head past the table, chairs, and couch down to the doorway.  Go into the purple room and stop; outside the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the room and walk left.  Walk straight across the open area; past the table, sitting area, and keyboard until you enter the room at the end with the purple walls.  Stop at the foot of the bed. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Take a left and walk towards the white door. Wait in front of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn left, walk through the bathroom, leave through the doorway, go straight down the hall, and wait in the closet. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head left down through the bathroom and into the hallway.  Stop in the closet doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Take a left out of the bathroom, continue down the narrow hall until you get to the closet. Stop at the door of the closet. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the bathroom, and turn right at the corner. Keep walking straight passing two laundry baskets, and turn right next to the door near the baskets, and stop there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and head towards the wall. Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn and enter the double doors to your right. Stop in the doorway facing the large table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the showers and walk toward a black piece of furniture when you get to that turn right. Head down the hallway and after you pass two baskets turn right. Wait there at the entrance . 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit and immediately turn to the left corner. Walk inside the bedroom and turn right towards the closet, and stop there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room, turn left, walk into the bedroom, turn right, and enter the closet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn to your right and exit the room. Walk to your left and enter the next room. Walk in and enter the closet on your left. Stop when you are at the clothes hanging and on shelves. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit laundry room and walk down stairs to the left. At bottom of the stairs walk into open room and stop next to chair with pillow. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and go all the way down the stairs to your left. At the bottom of the stairs, go into the room to your right stopping before you reach the desk. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the room and walk down the stairs.  Go into the office with the entrance to the right of the bottom of the stairs.  Stop once inside the office. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go toward the doorway by the chair.  Head into the kitchen and turn right.  Stop in front of the painting by the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room from the right door. Pass between a chair and double doors and go through a door with a horse shoe over it. Turn right and when you get to the glass doors that lead out to the patio wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT walk past the wall of wine towards the recliner, through the doorway, past the chairs and through another doorway into the kitchen turn right at the island and walk past the fridge. walk until there is a doorway on your right and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Head past the white couch and into the hall.  Go through the kitchen and stop by the polka dot chair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk across the living room and enter the foyer.  Then turn hard left and walk into the kitchen. Stand near the glass hand rail. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk across the room to the right side on the wood floor. Once across, turn right and then left and head towards the stairs. Once at the bottom of the stairs, continue into the room to your left. Go right once in the room. Keep walking until you reach the bar. Stop at the glass railing in front of the bar overlooking the sitting room. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the office and turn left in the hallway.  Keep going until you reach the stairs.  Go up one step and stop on the landing. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the office, go down the hallway and wait on the landing at the base of the steps. 
sKLMLpTHeUy walk through the office area and through the doorway on the right. Turn left and stand by the base of the stairs on the right. 
aayBHfsNo7d You have to walk down the hallway and keep walking straight past the stairs, when you get to the doorway at the end of the hall stop and wait. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go down the hallway and stop in the doorway that leads to the outdoor sitting area. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight through sliding glass door to patio. Stop right when you get outside before loungers. 
r47D5H71a5s walk straight, there will be a pool on your right and beds on your left, turn towards the right after the pool and walk through a hallway. To your left there are two identical rooms, stand in the doorway of the room on the right. 
r47D5H71a5s Go forward to the end of the pool and take a right. Keep going past the plant and doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk straight towards the mirror on the other side of the pool. Exit through doorway on the right. Enter room in front of your to the left. Stop in the doorway facing the massage table. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk down the hallway. Turn right, then turn right again to enter the room. Turn right once more and stop next to the wooden criss-crossed partition. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go down the hallway and turn right then turn right. After you go down the two steps wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF continue down hallway turn right and enter dining room, turn slight right and walk down 2 steps to living room. stop by chair on right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk forward and follow the curves of the hallway. keep following the path of the hallway straight.  Do not make any sharp turns.Enter the bathroom and wait at the mirror. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Head down the long hallway and go to the bathroom doorway.  Go in the bathroom and stop in front of the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk straight down hall turning slight right then turning slight left into bathroom. stop before entering toilet at sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Pass the Christmas tree, the light blue chairs, and the red chairs then pass the other Christmas tree and turn left and stand by the large table with chairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 When you are standing in front of the small table with the brochures turn so you see chairs on the left and a Christmas tree on the right. Now walk past the blue chairs and into the area with the reddish pink chairs and gold chairs. Next work through that entryway so you are in front of a dinning table and wait. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 walk straight across living room into dining room. Stop before dinning table and chairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Face the table and chairs, turn left, and walk down the walkway.  Stop at the last urn on the brick walkway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk along the deck. Stop in front of the second window past the doors. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go along the outside walkway past the plants on either side.  Stop at the last set of plants before the awning. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go straight towards the stairs that head down. Wait at the top of the staircase. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Facing away from the sink walk through the doorway on your left, walk through the doorway on the right side of the large clock. Walk straight down the hallway towards the staircase, step down one step and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to the stairs and then wait on the top of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk around table and through double doors. Walk to wall with hanging pictures. Stop in doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go around the table in front of the desk and head past the double doors.  Turn left and go toward the door way past the large table. Stop in the doorway in in front of the cabinets. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk around with table and exit the room.  Proceed to through the large hallway and enter the dinning room. Then enter the pantry, wait by the door. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk in between the couches and take a slight right. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL walk across living room between two couches, stop in front of steps. 
EDJbREhghzL Go through the living room and the kitchen and stop by the stairs on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Head inside and cross the room towards the stairs. Wait near the doorway to the left of the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Head straight and to the left of the tables.  Go the left of the staircase and stop in front of the hall. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk across large hall. turn left to avoid steps, and stop on large archway on left side. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through the living room area, continuing into the hallway to your right. Down the hall, turn left to wait at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past green sectional sofa on the left. Make a hard right at the saxophone on the floor, then make a left. Wait at the landing to the wood stairs to go down. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk to the right of the green couch, turn right at the black chair and left again down the hallway. Turn left at the first doorway and stop at the top of the stairs leading down. 
1pXnuDYAj8r turn slight right into hallway and follow it straight.turn right to open door and stop just outside on mat. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom, and walk past the stairs on the left. Make a right, and walk out the open front door. Wait on the door mat. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the bedroom. Go straight until you reach the foyer which is the second opening on your right. Step out of the large double wood doors, and stop on the rug outside. 
r47D5H71a5s walk away from the beds towards the exercise bike, turn right and walk past the hair chair, walk through the doorway on the right and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the massage room, and make a right. Walk past the barber's chair, and make a right through the open door after the floor candle. Wait at the half wall filled with river rocks. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and turn right then pass the sink and chair and turn right. Wait in that room. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go down the stairs. Then turn right and go through the double doors to the right of the stairs going down. Continue through the next two doors straight ahead and stop in front of the table with four chairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 continue down the stairs and turn right. Turn right again and walk past stairs on your left and through the doorway. Walk straight through the next doorway and stop once you enter the room, looking at the table. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk down stairs. Turn right at rug to next rug. Turn right again and walk through 2 sets of glass doors. Stop next to striped chair. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit laundry room and enter room across hall. Stop between to beds. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the laundry room and veer slightly left to enter the bedroom across the hall. Stop in the bedroom once you are past the door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk out of the laundry room and straight into the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the dining table and refrigerator and turn left after going through the archway.  Stop in front of the closet. 
8WUmhLawc2A Head towards the arched opening that's to the immediate left of the refrigerator. Once there, go right, into the laundry room. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk to the right of the dining room table, down the hall to the left of the fridge, turn right and stop on the tile floor. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go through the entryway to the right and continue passed the couch to the other entryway. Then turn right again and go into the next room stopping in front of the chair. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go right into the doorway. keep going into the next doorway by the pink chair. Keep going towards the right until you come to a room with a blue carpet. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 enter room with christmas tree, walk across room between two chairs turn right at stairs and enter sitting room, stop on circle rug. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk around the chairs and exit the room to your left. Walk to the last bedroom on the right and stop in the room beside the chairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va walk away from the bathroom, and past the chairs through the doorway on your right, turn left on the hardwood floor and continue straight down the hallway, turn right at the first doorway and enter the bedroom. Stop before you reach the rug. 
7y3sRwLe3Va exit bathroom to sitting room. Turn right and exit to hallway, turn left and follow hallway to the end. turn right into bedroom. Stop before bed. 
E9uDoFAP3SH walk up stairs,  Turn slight right and walk into archway, walk straight down hall to edge of rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk up stairs. Walk past the round table to the left. Make a hard right after burgundy chair. Wait in threshold of open office door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk up the stairs. Walk straight and then enter the first door on your right. Walk straight until you are in the room facing the table on the large rug and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left and go between the stairs and the wall. After a few steps turn left again towards the living room. Enter the living room.  Turn right and go between the breakfast table and the wall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past two paintings at the bottom of the stairs. Walk into the great room, and wait at the fridge. 
rPc6DW4iMge When you pass the stairs turn left and head toward the kitchen. Turn right and wait by the bar stools. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the room and turn right then wait at the top of the stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit bedroom turn right and stop on top of stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the door. Go to the railing. Go to the exercise bike. Go down one stair. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Make a left turn, and walk along the thin path between the grass and the pool. Make a left and walk past the chaise lounge. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go around the pool, down the steps and wait in the sitting area near the loungers. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go around the left of the pool, then take the steps down to the lounging area. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk in between the table and bookshelves towards the small ladder, continue straight onto the brick floor and turn right. Walk straight and into the room on the left. stop in front of the bed on the red carpet. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past the ladder and turn right on the brick floor. Go through the arched opening and turn left. Walk to the foot of the bed and stop by the coffee table. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk past the books. Then turn right and walk down the hallway.  Then turn left and enter guest bedroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit kitchen across living room to bedroom with red bed. Stop at glass walls. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the room to the right of the desk. Turn left and walk towards the bedroom. Stop when you are at the entrance and in between the 2 metal chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go to the black recliner. Go to the phone. Go to the semicircular divider. Go to the aluminum chair. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right and move forward past the brown table, then turn left and move forward through the doorway. Continue through the room until you are past the wooden double-doors and wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk through the doorway closer to the dresser,  past a vase with white flowers into a wet bar area. Keep walking towards the couch and through the double doors behind the couch. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go toward the dresser and then left out of the bedroom.  Go past the kitchenette and through the living room toward the double doors.  Stop at the entrance of the hallway at the double doors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go to the light switch. Go to the glass wall. Go to the hamper. Go to the round mosaic. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the bathroom and go past the three lounge chairs and past basket . Go through the hallway and wait by the three paintings on the walls (two rectangle and one square in the middle.). 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk to the doorway and turn left.Turn right and walk by the glass wall into the hallway. Stop beside the paintings. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go downstairs and wait at the bottom near the dining table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go down stairs. Follow the glass railing to the right and go down stairs. Go left into dining room and stop at dining room table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Finish going down the stairs, all the way down. Then turn left and go down the three steps and wait by the table with chairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the doorway opposite the white double doors, make a left, go into the doorway on the right, go passed the bed on the right, go through the doorway on the left, step into the bathroom and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the kitchen and enter the bedroom. Enter the bathroom and wait in front of the bathtub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM You need to leave the kitchen and go into the dinning area. Once you are in the dinning area go right and through the doorway. Now make a left turn and walk to the bedroom on the right, go into the bedroom and make a left to go to the doorway at the end of the room. Go though the doorway and wait in the bathroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH You need to leave the bathroom and turn left, then make the go through the first doorway on the left. Now walk straight across the hall and go through that doorway. Next make a left turn and walk past the staircase, stop walking and wait by the entryway to the hall beside the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit bathroom and turn left into hallway. Turn left at the room with the table in the middle. Walk on the left hand side of the stairs to the archway. Stop at archway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the bathroom and turn left. after you pass an old phone on the wall turn left. Head down that hallway until you get to a large room then turn left. Walk past the stairs and wait near the left side hallway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the bedroom by the door to the left of the large red painting.  Once inside the bedroom, take the first door on the left to step out onto the balcony.  Stop as soon as you're outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk into the bedroom to the left of the red painting and then walk out onto the deck outside.  Stop after stepping onto the deck. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 From the top of the stairs, continue walking straight ahead through the door opening into the bedroom. Go to the left and through the sliding glass door, out onto the balcony. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk out onto the patio and take a left into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and onto the far patio. Stop on the patio once you are past the door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh go towards the open bay and into the bedroom. go past the chair and to the balcony. stop by the balcony door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go outside to the sitting area and then go inside to the bedroom.  Head past the couch and go the outdoor bathroom and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh With the pool to your right, start walking forward and slightly to the left, climbing three steps, and arriving at the base of the spiral staircase. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past sectional sofa on the left. Walk past dining room on the right. Walk up stairs. Wait on stair landing near plant. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Head past the white couch and table toward the wide white stairs.  Stop in front of the winding staircase. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go forward with the hutch on your right, then go into the room on your right. Turn slightly left and go through the doorway to the left of the stairs. Continue forward through the second doorway, then stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk on the right side of the table, through the doorway on the right, turn left at the round table, walk over the carpet, past the stairs and through the doorway, continue straight through the doorway and stop at the carpet. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight and exit the door on the right. Walk to the left of the table and exit the room through the 2 sets of glass doors on the left. Once in the next room, stop inside the room at the rug facing the table. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left and walk through the doorway on the left of the chair.  Walk down the left corridor, into the bedroom.  Stop in front of the first brown and tan picture on the left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit dining room into hall and turn left to bedroom. Stop in front of bed. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Pass the weird chair and then turn right. Go into the hallway and turn left. Walk straight until you get to the bedroom and wait near the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go towards the mirror and go right and follow the wall past the stairs towards the next entry way. Go into the room with the bed and white fuzzy chair. 
sKLMLpTHeUy At the top of the stairs walk forward towards the circular mirror. At the mirror, turn left and walk down the hall past the picture frames and stairway into the open door. Enter the open door into the bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy You should take a right at the top of the stairs and walk down the hall until you get to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Next go into the bedroom and wait just inside the door. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go toward and then behind the desks with the glass wall on the right.  Go past the book case and toward the long table.  Stop in between the two tables and near the post. 
ZMojNkEp431 When you are at the top of the stairs go straight back to the table with the computer and black office chair. Once you are at the table walk around the back of the chair, then walk straight back until you get to the wooden table that is in front of a projection screen. Now walk to the wooden chair in front of the screen and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk from the stairs to the work space directly ahead. Pass the conference room and the bookcase on the right. Wait by the wooden tables. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the study. Walk down the hall. Enter the bathroom and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go around the right side of the desk. Exit the office and turn left. walk past the first door on your left. Take a left at the second door on your left. You are in the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the office through the double doors and go into the hall. Wait in the bathroom through the second door on the left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight then turn left and go into the door on the left. Head straight until you get to the end of the hallway and turn left on the last left then stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A exit lobby to the left, turn hard left and enter first door continue straight to bathroom, turn slight left and stop in front of bathroom stalls. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A With the desk to your right, walk straight a few steps and then turn left and go through the door to the left of the circle shaped lights.  Enter the locker room area and walk straight through until you get to an area with toilet stalls on the left.  Stop in front of the first toilet stall. 
EDJbREhghzL Facing into the bedroom, go around to the right into the bathroom and stop in front of the shower. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk towards the bed and turn down the hallway to your right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL You need to go into the bedroom and take a right so you can walk down the hall to get to the bathroom in the bedroom. After in the bathroom turn left and stand in front of the shower and wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk out of the closet and through the doorway onto the marble floor, turn left and walk through the doorway on your left. Walk until you are standing on the red rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet and go right when you exit that room into the hallway go left and go into the first room on the left. Wait on the red rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Head toward the zebra painting.  Turn left and stop on the rug by the sword. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards the glass enclosed conference room.  Stand by the black, highback chair next to the desk with the potted plant. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go toward the large glass room on the right.  Stop under the arrow that says host on it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk across office to glass wall with signs above. Stop next to table with plant. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room and follow the hallway to the right. Walk through the first door on the left and continue walking, past the foot of the bed. Enter the bathroom on the left and wait by the door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the doorway to the right of the piano past the chandelier and through the doorway into a bedroom on the left. turn left, walk past the foot of the bed and turn left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the bathtub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn so the stairs are to your right, then go through the doorway dead ahead. Continue until you enter the room ahead and slightly to the right, turn left and go into the bathroom ahead of your and to the left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit kitchen, go across living room, turn right into archway and walk into theater room. Stop at chair and sports picture on wall. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the kitchen with the breakfast bar to your right.  Keep walking past the two pillars on your left.  At the end of the wall, before the third pillar, turn right at the doorway.  Walk straight through to the door of the TV room, just slightly to the right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Pass the kitchen and head down the hallway. Turn right on the first opening and head straight until you get to a room with couches and a large projector screen. Wait at the entrance. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the sink and stove and turn right at the end of the counter top. Walk forward and turn left into the first doorway. Walk past the stairs and wait in the entryway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go through the kitchen pass the fridge and to left then pass the stairs and stop in the circle on the floor right by the brown and black paintings on the wall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the kitchen through the door near the refrigerator. Walk towards the exit door in the hall. Stop on the round decoration in the tile. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight down the hallway in front of you. Keep going to the last door on your right. Stop looking into the room while still seeing the window at the end of the hallway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hallway and wait in the bedroom doorway across from the stairs. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down hall to stairs, turn right and enter bedroom. Stop In doorway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk behind the sofa, toward the bar. Turn left toward toward the pool table and stop near the round, grey chair. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight and take a left when you get to the two stools. Wait in front of the pool table. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk in the direction of the bar stools. Enter the room on the left of the stools. Stop in front of the pool table. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Pass the black patio table and head toward the large glass doors that lead to the building then stop at the doors. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk across patio to entry way. Stop at double doors going in. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the iron patio table on the left. Head towards the entry on the left. Stop at  the entry to the building before you are inside. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn right. Go out the door on your left.  Walk through the bedroom and head straight into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go around the bed toward the bathroom.  Stop in the bathroom in front of the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit bedroom to bathroom. Stop at sink. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go down the hallway until you get to the plant. Before the plant turn right and head straight until you get to a black chair and a desk, stop there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk away from the couch, and turn right down the hallway. Continue straight until you walk through a doorway and stop next to the blue chair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk across the  room towards the tree. At the tree turn right down hall. Stop at blue chair and desk. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn left in hall. Continue straight down hall and up steps. Wait at top of steps. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Enter the hallway, walk to the end and up the steps. Wait inside the bathroom to the left of the steps. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 After you go up the stairs turn left and head down the long hallway, go up the steps then turn left and wait by the bathroom sink. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go straight until you get to a large red and white poster that says Impact Hub then turn left and wait by the hammock. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left and walk through the middle of the room between all the tables and chairs. After the last table on your left, turn left and walk towards the hammock stopping when you reach the hammock and rug. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go between the four work tables to the end of the room.  Turn left and go toward the arrow with the sign that says host on it.  Go the hammock and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go out the bathroom door. Turn right in the hallway and then enter the bedroom. Stop at the end of the couch with flowers on it. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go to the door. Go to the rug. Go to the Garden Room. Go to the mirror. Go to the bed. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and wait near the sitting bench on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight out of the room. Go past the dresser on your left. Stop by the front door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and continue straight. Stop when the floor changes from wood to marble. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk away from the bed through the doorway to exit the bedroom, continue down the hallway to the left of the bathroom, pass the laundry room on your left, step onto the marble floor and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and exit the room through the wood doors. Turn left and enter hallway. Turn into the first door on your left. Stop once you enter the room facing the sink on the back wall. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go out of the room then turn left and go out to the hallway then turn left and wait at the laundry entrance. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit office and turn left into hallway, Turn left into laundry room and stop before dog bed. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk towards the hallway to the left of the giant mirror. Walk to the end of the hall and wait in the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the kitchen and go through the hallway until you get to the garage and wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk away from the outside, towards the bar and down the hallway to the left side of the wet bar, Continue straight and step into the garage and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T walk past the dining room bench, turn left and pass the chair, and turn right to walk in front of the other chair, turn right and walk up the small flight of stairs and stop under the doorway straight ahead. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk to couch with pillows. Turn 180 degrees and go up first stairs. Wait in doorway to room with chairs and fireplace. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the alcove and walk up the first flight of stairs. Stop inside the doorway to the sitting room. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit bathroom to bedroom, turn left and walk towards desk.Turn left and walk into kitchen, Stop next to two black chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa walk away from the toilet, turn left at the bed, and left again at the desk. Continue through the doorway, past the red cabinets, and past the two chairs on the right. Turn left and stop once you are on the carpet. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go to the bed. Go to the desk. Go to the black light switches. Go to the sink. Go to the two chairs. Go to the wicker chair. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left and go down the steps. Walk forward and enter the first room on your right. Stop once you have entered the bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Continue down the staircase and straight, turn right at your first doorway and stop once your step into the bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Move forward down the stairway passed the large picture which is on your right. Turn right at the first open doorway. Move forward into the open doorway.  Stop when you reach the center point of the open door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Pass the desk and when you see the green couch pass those too then go past the fireplace and turn slightly right and go into that hallway. Before the white vase with the flowers turn left and wait at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL You should leave the area with the desk and turn right to get to the sitting room. Once you enter the room make a right and go around the couch, then make a right to go through the doorway. Now make a right go to the end of hall and make a left so you can wait at the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk to the left of the desk towards and turn slight right to walk in front of the green couch. Continue around the couch towards the leather chairs and walk down the hallway on the far right. Turn left at the doorway with red walls and stop in front of the staircase leading downstairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom and turn right.  Step in the doorway of the empty room and stop there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Stand next to the empty bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the bed, and exit the bedroom, turn right and stop in the doorway on your right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit closet to bathroom, turn right into bedroom. Turn left and go through sliding door to outside and stop by couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the bathroom and into the bedroom. Stop in the sliding glass doorway that leads to the balcony. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the closet to the bathroom. Pass the tub and the sinks then exit the bathroom toward the bedroom and the turn left and exit the bedroom through the glass sliding doors and wait in the Patio by the couch. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Head down the hallway to the double doors.  Turn right and go down the hallway.  Make a right and stop next to the desk. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bedroom. Walk past the stairs and turn right. Turn right at the end of the hall and enter the room in front of you. Stop in the doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit bedroom, and walk past stairwell. Make a right in front of the double closet doors with brass doorknobs. Make a right at the end the stair rail. Wait in the threshold of the open door. 
r47D5H71a5s walk straight away from the bed, past a room on the right, towards the workout equipment, turn right at the exercise bike and walk through the doorway. Stop in the middle of the beds. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and head straight until you get to the hallway and go past the treadmill then turn right on the first door after the treadmill and wait there by the beds. 
r47D5H71a5s You need to leave the massage room and walk straight into a pool room. Make a right at the end of the pool and walk past the treadmill, when you get to the bike turn right. Next, go inside the massage room and wait between the two beds. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit office toward papers on glass wall.Turn immediate and follow glass hallway. Stop at exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head past the desks and to the doorway.  Go right down the hallway and stop where it tees with another hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office using the door on the left then turn right and head down the hallway until you get to the "exit" sign. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Go all the way down the stairs. Then turn right go past the checkered table go down the hall but stop right before the fireplace a stand next to the first black chair. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs and turn right and walk down the hall. Stop in front of the fireplace on the right, between the two black chairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the steps and turn right. Walk down the hall and stop in front of the fireplace. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room, going into and through the room with three white lounging chairs. Stop next to the set of three white art peices on the wall, one square piece in the middle between two longer and taller peices. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A step out of the bathroom and go straight. take a left after the beverage bar. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the ladies room, and walk straight past the wicker basket on the floor. Walk past the metal wall art, and wait at the end of the bed of river rocks. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Continue to the top of the stairs, then turn left to go around the corner and into the bathroom. Stop just prior to reaching the bathtub on your left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk up the stairs and around the corner into the bathroom and wait at the door where the toilet is. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go upstairs, make a left, into the bathroom doorway and go to the second doorway in the bathroom and wait. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom go towards the black sofa. turn right before it then go straight.  take a right past the bar. go straight then left. stop right past the door. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk across sitting room and to the right of the couch and walk behind counter. Turn left and enter dining room. Stop at dining room table. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go through doorway and turn right. Walk passed the bar and turn right and then take an immediate left and go towards the kitchen table and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk down the hallway to the left, there will be a  green Hurom sign on the window on your left. Continue straight and stop when there is an empty office on your left, and an office with an Apple computer on a white desk with a black chair on your right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down hallway and stop passed last set of doors. Exit sign in front of you. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go down the hallway until you get near the Exit sign. 
2n8kARJN3HM walk through the dining room with the table on your right, continue past a doorway on your left, a table on your right and stop in between the faucet and marble cylinder on your left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and walk to the other end of the room. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go straight until you pass the extra large table with chairs then stop by the fake sink. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Head past the kitchen sink and refrigerator and stop in front of the washing and drying machines. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight through the walkway in between the chairs and stove. Stop in front of the washer and dryer facing the electric breaker box on the wall. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the sink and stop in front of the washing machine. 
E9uDoFAP3SH You need to leave the room with the benches and go through the narrow hallway. At the end of the hallway you will walk into a large bedroom. Now make a slight left and go through the doorway at the end of the room. After you go through the doorway wait in the empty room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the narrow doorway, down the short hallway into the room.  Walk between the two end tables toward the center of the room  Keep walking towards the doorway across the room, between the bed on your right and the dresser on your left.  Walk through that doorway and stop at the entry of the next room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit window room and walk into main room to table in the middle. Walk into doorway to the right of the mirror. Stop before entering empty room. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk up the stairs and turn left passing the big statue and the wooden chair. Walk up the next set of stairs and stop there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Climb the last couple steps to the landing. Turn left and walk straight to the next set of stairs. Walk up four steps, stop, and wait. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Finish going all the way up the stairs and wait on the third step to the top. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the women's locker room and walk through the doors on the left away from the reception desk. Walk through the double doors on the left and wait in the hallway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A When you leave the bathroom make a left and go into a waiting room. After you are in the room make a left and go through the door going into the hall, wait just inside the door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the open doors with the blue light above it. Head left and walk through the double wooden/glass doors with a blue light above them. Stop right after you go through the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk away from the red cabinets, behind the oversized red chair, to the right of the metal cylinder, and continue straight, turn right when you reach the two metal chairs and stop once you walk through the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Pass the red couch and the large grey stainless steel wall then turn right and go out the glass door. Wait by the red statue. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk to the left of the large silver column, then turn right and stop in the doorway that goes outside, with the red art piece to the right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go to the light switch. Go to the bed. Go to the ottoman. Go to the mirror. 
759xd9YjKW5 With the stairs towards your back, turn right and go through the doorway. Once through the doorway, turn left and enter the bedroom. Continue across the bedroom, then enter the bathroom whose door you'll see to the left. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn to your left and go through the door, then go passed the bed and go to the left door and enter. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the laundry room into the hallway. Turn left and walk straight. Keep walking until the windowed door is on your right and wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the laundry room and turn left. Continue forward passed the wooden table on the right until you reach the sofa, when you're even with the sofa stop and wait here. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk away from the washing machine toward the sink and go through the doorway straight in front of you.  Turn left to go toward the kitchen.  Stop in front of the door that leads outside, right after the kitchen table. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bedroom. and make a left in front of the stairs. Walk past the built-in closets, and through the open door. Walk past the thermostat on the wall next to the drip painting. Wait at the fireplace. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit bedroom through door next to picture on wall. Walk left into hallway left of stairs towards dark painting on the wall. Enter bedroom stop next to the tv. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the bedroom and go into the doorway on the left of the stairs. Stop in the bedroom before you pass the fireplace. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward to exit the hallway. Upon exiting the hallway, turn right to step through the doorway, and then turn right again to enter the bathroom. Wait just inside the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Go to the room at the end of the hallway and make a right.  Turn right into the room and stop next to the glass shelving unit. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk straight down tile hall. Turn right and Turn right again into door right of plants. Stop in room next to glass shelf. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk to exit along glass wall. Turn left and walk straight through door with exit sign above it. Stop next to first desk on right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room using the door on the right then turn left. Pass the exit sign and continue straight to go into that office. Wait near the first desk. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk between the tables and the glass windows, with the glass windows on your right. Exit the wooden door on your right. Turn left, walking under the exit sign, past the double wooden doors, and into a room with two desks. Stop in the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go past the kitchen and you will see six white chairs. Wait by the farthest white chair. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk straight ahead and pass the whole white counter with the faucet and the chairs. Turn left near the white cabinet that has a pig showpiece on top of it, and stop there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the kitchen, past the breakfast bar on the left. Make a hard right in front of the wine fridge. Wait at the stone pig on the counter. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the hallway with the stairs on your left and continue going straight. Stop in front of the couch. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right and walk straight. Wait at the end of the counter that is on the right. 
b8cTxDM8gDG AS you enter the building, continue straight ahead, past the stairs on your left, past the kitchen on your right, until you're just past the kitchen. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave bathroom and turn left down the hallway with the mirror. Once you reach a light colored rug, take the doorway outside on your left. Wait on the porch just past the black mat. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go into the hallway and turn left. Walk past the stairs and wait outside on the doorstep. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Take a left. When you get to the rug, take a left. Walk outside and wait just outside the door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go straight and pass the pink chairs then pass the light blue chairs and turn slightly left. Go into the door that is left of the colorful lamp and wait by the rocking chair with the flowers. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and exit the room through the large entry way on the left side of the room. Once out turn right and enter the room with the red couch. Enter the room and stop right in front of the fireplace. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk and make a left turn. Then turn right to enter a room with purple and white sofas adjacent to each other. Stop at the white patterned chair. near the fireplace. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the sitting area, past the stairs and down the hallway. Wait outside on the stoop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the stairs, keeping them on your right. Continue down the hall and turn left to go outside. Stop there between the two doors. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk from piano right to hallway. Walk out open door on left. Stop on porch outside. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj walk towards the door with the exit sign above it, turn and walk through the doorway on the left, enter the bedroom, walk around the foot of the bed, towards the bathtub, turn left and stop in front of the flower barrier near the bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn left into bedroom. Walk around bed to entrance to toilet and wait. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around. Walk through the door to your left. Walk around the bed and stop facing into the bath room where you can see the mirror, sink and toilet as well as still see the tub in the room. 
759xd9YjKW5 With the bookcase behind you, start walking forward to exit the dinning room. Continue through the next room until you arrive in the entry foyer with a staircase directly in front of you and the exterior door to your left. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk around the table to your right to exit the dining area. Walk through the living room area to wait in the far doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 go through the alcove and then take a slight left. go past the sofa then stop at the next alcove. 
i5noydFURQK Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left and follow hallway straight to beach painting. Turn right into bedroom. Turn left into closet, stop in middle of closet. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and exit the door behind you beside the white cabinets beside it. Turn right into the bedroom. Turn left into the walk in closet. Stop inside the closet facing the corner with the wicker basket. 
i5noydFURQK Exit and turn left. Keep walking towards the big painting on the wall, and turn towards the room that is placed on its right. Enter the bedroom, and turn left, and enter the empty closet, and stop there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the home theater and turn left. Walk into the living room and turn left. Turn left and stop just inside the kitchen. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the bedroom into the tiled hallway. Walk through the hall and into the living room area ahead. Walk past the couch area and into the kitchen area with the marbled counters. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the theater through the double doors and veer left, taking the second arched opening counting clockwise from the theater exit. Once through the opening, turn ninety degrees to the left and continue walking. Once you see the kitchen to your left, step into the kitchen and then stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk to the base of the stairs, turn left and walk up the stairs, turn left and walk up the second flight of stairs, stop at the top. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go up the white carpeted stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go up the stairs on your left and wait at the top. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the shower and go into the room then turn right to exit the bedroom. Head toward the beige couches and wait near the blue rug with the three round coffee tables. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit shower to bedroom. turn right and enter living room. Stop at arching couch. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the shower into the bedroom on the left. Walk past the foot of the bed, to the right, and wait on the other side of the sliding door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk straight to open front door of house. Stop in entryway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forwards and enter the house. Stop just inside the house, past the door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk up the steps and continue on straight, following the stone path. Once past the bench, wait by the door in the entry of the house. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around, move forward 4 steps, stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the glass dining table and stop at the kitchen island with a sink. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and walk straight. Wait by the sink that is on the left, to the left of the two chairs on the right. 
EDJbREhghzL Exiting the bathroom, walk through the edge of the bedroom turning left to exit the room. Walk down the hall to the first door on your left. Wait in that doorway. 
EDJbREhghzL walk away from the bathroom and towards the bed, turn left at the leather chair and exit the bedroom, continue down the hallway and stop at the first doorway on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom toward the room. Then exit the room using the door on your left. Head down the hallway and enter the first room on your left. Wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn right and walk around the table, then walk through the sitting area and enter the foyer. Stop on the landing near the bottom of the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and walk past the long table. Turn right and exit the room. Cross through the sitting area straight ahead. Once out of the sitting area. Walk to the bottom on the stairs to your left and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go along the table, make a right passed the table, go through the archway, then go through another bigger archway, take a few steps up the stairs and then stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and walk out the wood doors with glass. Once in the hallway turn right and enter hallway. Stop at the first room to your left looking at the storage drawers. 
JeFG25nYj2p Head straight and turn left and go through the double doors then turn right and right again. Then go into the hallway and turn left into the closet. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave bar area, walk across living room through double doors, turn right into hallway. Stop at large closet on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk though the laundry room to the sink on the end of the counter near an open door. Turn right and walk into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen towards the refrigerator on the right and the end of the counter on the left. Walk forward past the patio doors and to the beginning of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk straight and then take a right. Turn left when walking out of the laundry room. Walk through the doorway that is just ahead. Wait on the second step of the staircase to the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit butler's pantry to kitchen and walk to dining room. Turn right and stop on stairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go through the brown double doors, go to the third door on your left and go into that doorway then stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk away from the coffee bar toward the ope double doors that lead to a hallway.  Walk down the hallway past the sign that says "Let's start to redefine how work is done."  Stop in the doorway to conference room 02. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go through the two open doors and continue walking straight ahead, until you pass graphic wall print located on the glass wall to your right. After you pass the graphic wall print, there will be a door to your left with the number two on it, wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and walk down the hallway.  Then walk across the corridor and to your left continue down the next hallway and enter the bedroom to your left and wait by the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p With the bathroom to your right, start walking down the hallway until you exit the door opening at the end, then enter the small hallway ahead of you and to the left of three wildlife paintings. Continue into the small bedroom that's ahead of you and to the left, passing by the bathroom on your left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go straight down the hallway, pass the closet and exit the hallway. Continue straight and go into the door on the left side. Wait near the bed. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go to the painting. Go to the patio table. Go to the patio couch. Go to the brown chairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk away from the couch, and out the door that leads outside walk to the right of the couch and enter through the doorway leading into the kitchen, Stop in the middle of the doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go out the door to your right. Turn right once outside.Go past the couch, turn right. wait in the kitchen. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom then go out the door on your right then head toward the pool table and wait near the pool table. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the bathroom and towards the large movie screen.  Walk out the door that is on the right before you get to the screen, and into the billiards room. Stop facing the pool table. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom and walk though the theatre room. Turn right and enter the pool table room.  Stop near the table. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk out the door to your right. Take a left. Take the next right. Wait in the bedroom. 
s8pcmisQ38h exit the bedroom then take a left. go past the glass floor and straight. turn right in the bedroom and stop. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn left. Go through the door with the bed on your right. Take a left. Go down the hall. Cross the living room. Take your first right to enter the bedroom. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn to your left and walk up the stairs to the next floor.  Walk down the hallway that has plants.  Stop before going down the stairs to the bedroom. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs then head straight toward the book case and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up stairs, past the Buddha statue on the left. Walk past the plant, and wait at the bookcase on the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room and walk to your left.  Go through the archway toward the kitchen.  Walk past the telephone and turn left into the first room on your left.  Walk through the second set of doors and stop next to the second wine shelf. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room and turn left. Go into the kitchen area. Turn left and go through the door into the long room with a lot of wine of the shelves. Stop about five feet into the room. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the room. Continue left into the kitchen. Go into the first room on the left and keep going until you go into the room with the wine bottles. Stop in the middle of the floor across from the small picture on the wall. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk through the kitchen. turn left, and stop at the large gray sofa. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk to the dining table and then turn right and walk through the kitchen.  Turn left when you reach the white table on the other side and walk towards the couch.  Stop at the corner of the couch closest to the deck. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk from living room to the right into the kitchen, turn left and stop behind gray couch. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the laundry room and turn right. Stop inside the office through the double doors on the right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the laundry room and walk right.  Turn into the room on the right that is in front of the couch.  Stop after stepping into this office. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the laundry room then turn right. Then turn right on the first door and wait by the entrance. 
S9hNv5qa7GM walk away from the fireplace, around the couches and through the doorway on the right. continue down the hallway, there will be a doorway on your right, walk into the bedroom, past the foot of the bed and through the doorway on the left, enter the bathroom and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk across living room to entry way, turn right into bedroom. Walk across bedroom and enter bathroom, stop in front of the bathtub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the window seat through the archway on the right. Enter the first bedroom on the right and wait in the en suite bathroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the doorway with draped curtains. Go stand next to the wardrobe with a mirror on it. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and walk towards the bed. Turn left and exit out where the dark curtains are. Walk and stop at the white door on your left and face the wood cabinet with mirrors. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and take a left after the stool. Take another left after the chair. Wait in front of the mirror on the other side of the open door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk next to the pool with the pool on your right.  Make a left to follow the curve of the wall around when you get to the end of the pool.  Stop in front of the metal gate with the closed door on your left. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk along patio and turn left to steel gate. Stop at gate. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the pool and up the step. Wait at the end of the walkway in front of the door. 
EDJbREhghzL Go straight by the garden and passed the table.  Turn left and enter into the doorway. 
EDJbREhghzL Head right gong around the glass windows towards the entrance to the house. Step into the house and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Go inside through the doorway next to the seating area overlooking the boats and stop as soon as you enter. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the room and turn left then go down the hallway until you get to a room with Christmas trees and wait near the trees. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit bedroom and turn left. Walk straight and stop when you come to two small lit Christmas trees. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the room, go down the hall through the door at the end. Wait in the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk straight ahead passing the sink faucet on the left all the way to its end. Stop in front of the round table and six chairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Head around the counter and past the stove. Stop when you read the end of the counter. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk around the island past the sink and grill and stop behind the closest chair at the table. 
EDJbREhghzL From the bottom on the stairs, continue forward and towards the right, until you reach a hallway extending to the right. Continue down this hallway until you see a fireplace on the right and then stop in front of the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs and head towards the opening door. Turn right to enter the hallway. Walk down the hallway and wait at the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Descend the stairs and go to your right. Go through the door to the right through the hallway. Then enter the room on your right and stop before the fireplace. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left then head straight until you pass the middle arch and get to the grand piano then stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the first archway on your left.  Walk straight ahead until you reach a room with a grand piano.  Stop next to the grand piano in front of the table and chairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the alcove and walk past the dining area. Wait in the library next to the piano. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go forward through the hallway, turn left at the fireplace and proceed passed the doors on the right and wait next to the tree on the right in the middle of the hallway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left. Turn left when you get to the fireplace. Wait between the dining room and the stairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk into the hallway and past the bench. Turn left and walk past the fireplace. Walk onto the stone tile floor and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go up the stairs then turn right into the hallway then turn left on the first door and stop by the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs and turn to your right and enter the bathroom.  Stand near the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs and turn right at the top.  After passing the first doorway, turn left and go into the bathroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway of the bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room on the door to your left then head straight until you get to a large room with three lounge chairs. Wait near the table and basket in that room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight and go out the wood door to your left. Once out, keep walking straight across the room. Once you reach the wall in front of you, turn left and stop in the doorway to the room with 2 large chairs. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit medical building to main lobby and into room with loungers. Stop at desk. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Cross the room between the white side table and the glass-topped dining table.  The dining table will be on your right.  Go through the doorway in front of you and stop once you pass through that doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the doorway across the dining room. Wait next to the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the long table with a horse statue on it through the doorway.  Stop just inside the doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 walk through the doorway towards the stairs, turn left near the front door, walk to the right of the chairs, past the small desk with the bench, continue straight past the fireplace, and stop as you reach the rug. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go straight until you pass the stairs then go left and continue until you pass all the couches and the fireplace. Go into the next room and wait by the table and chairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk out of the room. Walk through the entryway and turn left. Walk behind the couch and chairs. Walk past the fireplace and turn right. Stop in the entryway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk to the top of the stairs. Walk down the steps and turn left. Walk down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd walk straight out of the bathroom, turn left down the stairs,  walk to the bottom of the stairs and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Take a left and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go to the motorcycle. Go to the fire extinguisher. Go to the vice. Go to the thermostat. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and walk through the garage, then step into the mud room.  Stand next to the entrance of the laundry room. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go through the wooden doorway to the right of the light switches. Stand in the doorway of the laundry room. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and exit the room to the left side into the large open room. Go across the room and past the pool. Once past the pool. Turn right and stop in the doorway facing the lobby area. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room. Walk to the edge of the pool and follow the right edge of it. When you reach the far end of it with the ladder, turn right and exit the swimming pool room. Stand in the doorway and wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the room on your right and in to the room with a pool. Walk past the pool and beds. Turn right after the last bed. Stop in the doorway to the next room. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the sitting area and turn left. Then walk through the dinning room. Then walk into the kitchen. Stand near the counter top. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 walk away from the green chairs towards the red chairs, turn left once you walk past the red chairs, turn left before you pass the dining table, walk through another doorway, sop when you reach the kitchen counter. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk between the red chairs toward chritmas tree. Turn left and walk though the opening toward the dinning room. Walk along the left hand wall of the dinning room and into the kitchen.  Walk the end of the counter with a bunch of bananas on the right. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Go straight and stop before the staircase. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Head straight past the books and table until you get to the stairs. Wait there. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk all the way straight passing the entire long table towards the stairs. Walk up one step on the stairs, and stop there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom and enter the hall. Turn right. Head for the balcony, using the left door next to the fireplace. Stop between the two black chairs on the balcony. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go through the door on the right and turn right and the go down the hall and through the door and go left towards the double doors that lead to the patio. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom using the door on the right then turn right and head down the hall until you get to a large bedroom. Go out the double door on the left onto the balcony and wait by the black patio chair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go into the room on the left and pass the orange chairs then go down 3 steps and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa face the stairs, turn right and walk straight through the doorway into the bedroom, continue straight to exit the bedroom. Walk down the stairs and stop two steps from the bottom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Enter the house and walk past the two orange lounge chairs. Walk down two stairs and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go to the other side of the bed and stop and the en suite bathroom doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk around the bed and stop in the doorway to the bathroom on the opposite side. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and walk to the other side of the room. Turn left and then stop in the doorway facing the shower and the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit living room towards stairs. At stairs turn left and enter sitting room. Stop between large chair and closet doors. 
EDJbREhghzL Head past the stairs.  Turn left at the end table with the chessboard. Enter the bedroom and stand in front of the middle closet door. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the kitchen and stairway, enter the double doors to the left of the hallway. Wait in the sitting room next to the white cabinets. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left and walk straight. Take a left at the mirror and wait by the hammock. 
ZMojNkEp431 walk past the table with the screen on your right, continue past more desks, and under the arrow, turn left at the mirror and stop in front of the hammock about the orange carpet. 
ZMojNkEp431 Head towards the far end of the room. Near the "Host" sign, stop in the alcove by the hammock. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bedroom and cross the hallway into the kitchen. Go past the kitchen and wait in the dining room to the right of the doors. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bedroom and through the entryway across the hall. Walk past the island and turn left. Walk to the right of the front door. Stop in front of the dining room table. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room using the door on the right then head straight until you get to the kitchen after you pass the kitchen turn left and wait by the large table with the six beige chairs. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the stairs on your right. Take a left at the living room. Go into the kitchen and stop behind the sink in the counter. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk across room to kitchen. Stop at kitchen sink. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward passing the staircase and the glass dining table. Turn left at the end of the glass table toward the sink faucet and stop in front of it. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room and make a right, make a right through the first doorway and wait near the shelves. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the laundry room and take a right. Go down the hall and take the first right into a bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room, and make a right. Walk past the double window on the left. Walk past the covered cord plugged into the wall on the right. Make a right opposite the sliding glass doors. Enter the bedroom, and wait at the built-in shelves. 
2n8kARJN3HM Descend the stairs and go straight through the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and go upstairs.Go straight across the hallway and into the room ahead. Enter the room. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the stairs and enter the kitchen, straight ahead. Stop near the table with the three covered cake plates. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the room at the end of the hall and turn right. Walk through the doorway and stop just inside the door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn and walk straight into the large room.  Walk in front of the bed and go to the door that is on the wall, to the left of the bed.  Walk through that door and stop as soon as you enter the next room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the room with red curtains.  Continue past the bed, and in through the next doorway.  Wait there. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk into the room with the double staircase.  Walk up the stairs on the right and stop where the two staircases connect at the foot of the single staircase. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk up the red stairs. Stop where the stairs come to a break. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right and go up the marble stairs. Then take the red carpeted stairs to the right. Wait on the landing. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk across the room past the fireplace and stop in front of the white table directly behind the dog statue so that the tail is pointing at you. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Head straight and pass the fireplace, pass the dog statue and wait by the work desk. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk toward the fireplace and past the armchairs to the workbench.  Stop next to the piece of equipment in front of the workbench. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room through the arched opening and then go left through the door opening. Re-enter the building through the door to your immediate right after you exit the building. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit empty room with fireplace, turn left to outside porch. Turn right through double doors back into the house. Stop in study next to desk. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the door on the other side of the room and leave the building through the door on the left.  Once outside, turn right and walk until you reach another door on your right and reenter the building.  Stop once you are inside. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Pass the table with chairs and head toward the stairs. Pass the stairs and go into the hallway. Go down the hallway until you see an opening on the left and turn left then head straight until you get to a door that leads to an office and wait at the entrance. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk across the left side of the dining room. Enter through the doorway. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Stop at the entrance of the office. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight through the door and passed the stairs and then turn left and stop in the doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the sitting area behind the couch toward the kitchen area.  Stop on the tile floor between the second column and the window to the kitchen. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Head straight until you pass the couches and wait by the right candle in the wall. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk around the couch and stop next to the tan support beam closest to the countertop and the wall candle. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the fireplace on the right. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Make a right opposite the drip painting. Exit the bedroom. Enter the open door to the right of the thermostat on the wall. Walk past the white ottoman to the left. Wait on the roof deck. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Take a left around the corner. Walk past the bathroom and take a right. walk down the hallway. Enter the door on the left. walk into the room past the chair, take a left. Walk outside onto the patio and wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn left when you get to the tv and go out the second door on the right then turn left go into the room on the left. Turn left again and go out the glass sliding doors to the balcony. Wait near the couches. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs. Turn right and walk to the right of the fireplace. Stop outside of first doorway on the right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk up the stairs and turn to your right. Then walk past the upstairs fireplace and stop by the hand rail. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs and past the fireplace, and wait at the start of the hallway with carpeting. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn to the right and then turn left after the last bed on the left. Keep going straight until you get to the last doorway on the right. Walk through the doorway. Wait just outside the room where the lockers are. 
r47D5H71a5s Could you go through the area with the barber chairs and into the bathroom with the white rocks and screen partition?. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the treadmill and workout bike. Straight ahead on the wall there is a framed image. Turn into the room directly to the right of that image. Stop a couple of feet into that room, next to a screened area. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk away from the chair, past the bed and through the doorway, turn right in the hallway continue straight walk through the doorway on the left, enter the bedroom and stop on the carpet. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go to the bedroom with the large leather headboard and floral rug. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn right and exit out the double doors. Once out turn right and walk along the railing and turn into the first door on your left. Stop once you are in the door looking at the large wood cabinet. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk to the right through the columns that look like trees and enter the building. Once inside turn left and head across the room towards the fireplace. Turn to the right side of the fireplace and enter the double wood and glass doors. Stop once in the doorway looking at the sitting area. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj With the swing behind you, walk forward and to the left to enter the dining room. Turn further left and start walking towards the fireplace. Before reaching the fireplace, veer right and go through the double doors to the right of the fireplace. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk across porch and enter building. Walk towards fireplace and stop at double doors below deer head. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Head straight down the hallway, pass a mirror then wait by the last door in the hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn left  and walk down the hallway, stop at the entrance of the exercise room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the hallway and stop at the end, outside of the exercise room. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk around the couch and towards the kitchen.  Turn right at the open doorway and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go passed the couch and turn left then go through the doorway on the left and stop in front of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Travel toward the cabinets behind the couch. Turn left and travel toward the ovens. Turn right into the hallway. Stop at the foot of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go right through the archway, go straight passed the stairs on the left and into the archway on the left, make a left, make a right passed the table and go inside the doorway and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk past the couch and television into the hallway. Walk into the room across on the left and turn left. Walk past the table and chairs and turn right. Walk into the room to the right of the stick decoration and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk through the doorway on the right of the TV. In the foyer go through the door on the left. Enter the kitchen and take a right into the bathroom. Stop once you pass the door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk toward the stair railings and to the top of the stairs heading down.  Do not go down the stairs but rather keep going, turn right, and then walk into the second room on the left.  Stop in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit through the doorway into the hall with a long floor rug and banister railings along the staircase. Walk around the front of the stairwell leading downstairs. Turn the corner around the banister railing and walk into the open door that leads into a large open room with chairs along the wall. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter the main room with the stairs. Go around the stairs on the left. Go down the hall on the right, and enter the second door on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the room and take a right into the living room. In the living room take a left behind the couch. Walk past the couch and stop in front of the window left of the patio door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and then turn right again and pass the white couches. Stand by the round table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the doors across from the bathroom. Enter the room with the couches. Walk to the left side of the closest couch. 
vyrNrziPKCB go past the table and into the bed room then turn left and go into the bathroom and stand in front of the sink. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight across the room passed the small table. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Enter the bathroom stand in front of the sink and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the living room and kitchen. Go into the bedroom on the left of the refrigerator. In the bedroom enter the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and walk out the door to the left of the white chair. Once out, head down the hallway to the left of the stairs. At the end, enter the room and walk across stopping once you are at the couch facing outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom to the room then go out the room using the door on the left then go slightly left straight down the hallway and pass the stairs. Continue all the way down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Go out the large glass sliding doors to the balcony and wait there by the grey couches. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bedroom and walk across the hall to the bedroom on the right. Continue through the bedroom and wait at the balcony. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through kitchen past yellow cabinets and go left at the door, wait by water heater. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight and pass the yellow kitchen then turn left on the first door from the left and wait in that room by the water heater. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk toward the kitchen.and enter the first doorway on your left.  Stop next to the water heater in front of the washing machine. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk out of the bedroom past the tub and table.  Once outside the room, walk toward the dining table but stop once you step onto the tile. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn towards the bed and walk out the door through the bedroom and wait facing the dining table. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk across the bedroom and out the door on the right. Once out turn right and walk towards the wood table with benches. Stop when the floor changes. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the kitchen and stop on the top step of the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the kitchen, past the ovens and sink, and stop at the top of the stairs without going down. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk forward and pass the entire kitchen heading towards the staircase which is right ahead. Turn right and stop at the top of the staircase. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk straight head to the left of the stairs and enter the doorway. Once inside walk straight and then turn left to enter the bedroom.Stop once you can see the whole bedroom and outside too. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Continue down the hallway to the left of the stairs then when you get to the end turn left and go into the room. Wait near the TV. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn to the left slightly and go forward heading towards the hallway this on the immediate center that leads to the first doorway on the left. Turn left and proceed down the hallway through the door and wait in the bedroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p With the opening for the double wood and glass doors immediately behind you, go forward and enter the second room on your left. Go into the room and stop in front of the display of the sword. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the hallway and walk left past the glass sculpture. Stop just inside the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down hall into living room stopping at two chairs with lilacs. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit dining room to sitting room and continue to arched hallway. Stop at the double doors and tall planter. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 You should turn so you are facing the room with the piano and walk past the piano and to the entryway on the right end of the room. Now walk through the entryway and wait in front of the tall flower pot beside the door to the outside porch. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn towards the left and walk across the living room. Turn to the right and enter through the doorway.  Stop in front of the potted plant. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the foot of the bed towards the bathroom, and prior to reaching the hallway leading to the bathroom, make a ninety degree turn to the right and exit the bedroom, walking down the narrow hallway. Continue down the hallway until you reach a nook with two leather chairs and a fireplace. Stop in front of the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn right after the brown chair then go straight until you get to the fireplace on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit bedroom to hall and turn right. Continue down hall to sitting room and stop next to fireplace. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the bedroom through the door on the right side of the bed.  Go into the room with the door on the opposite side of the hallway.  Turn right once you are in the second bedroom and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bedroom and cross the hall into the next bedroom. Stop in its bathroom doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the door on the right go straight until you enter another room then go right and stand at the doorway of the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go through the door an stand next to the bed the turn around and got straight down the hall and stand right outside the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom toward the room then turn right and exit the room and then turn left and go into the room next door and wait near the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy You need to leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom, when you are beside the bed make a right and stand in the doorway. When you are in the doorway go into the first bedroom on the left. Next stand beside the lamp and wait. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk to the left of the bed with red cover and a purple pillow. Turn to the right and down the hall that turns to the left. At the end of hall turn left and enter the bathroom. Walk to the end of the bathroom and turn left toward the shower. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn hard right and follow the winding hallway and enter the bathroom.  Turn left and enter the shower. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk towards the bed, and take a right into the bathroom. In the bathroom take a left, and another left. Stop in the shower. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and walk towards the painting with lots of squares. When you are in front of the painting, turn left. Walk forward and then turn left and enter the room with the pool table. Cross straight across the room and through the wood and glass doors on the other side. Stop when you get to the door facing the large blue curtains. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the bathroom and take a left. Take a left at the open door that's on the right. Walk by the pool table and wait by the double doors. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go towards the open door and turn left towards the pool table. Go past the pool table, go through the french doors and wait. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom and turn right, then proceed down the hallway. Turn left and stop near the stairs. Wait near the door of the second bedroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom. Take a left into the corridor. Take a sharp right. Walk down the corridor. Exit through the double doors on the left. Take a slight left. Stop at the bedroom door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk out of the bathroom and then turn left. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Turn left at the entrance to the staircase and then wait once in front of the door on the left. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go right towards the kitchen. Enter the kitchen and turn right towards the dining area.Wait at the entrance of the dining area. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Locate the stairs. Travel to the right of the stairs and into the room with lots of white chairs. Turn left and enter the room with a large mirror. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bathroom then turn right head toward the bar with the white stool chairs then turn left before the bar and left again. Stand by the extra large wooden table with the white chairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit the bedroom and walk through the hall toward the stairs. Stop before the wall on your left ends and opens to the stairs, where there is a thermostat and light switches. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hallway and continue going around the curve. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight down the hallway until you get to a double door. Stop near there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk out the door to the right of the room beside the chair. Once out turn and walk left. Stop when you reach the next door on the left. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Cross colorful rug towards bed. Continue past bed and out the doorway. Go directly forward and wait in the first doorway on your left. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight towards the bed and turn left to exit the room. Then take a sharp left and enter the door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk toward the black sheer curtain.  Turn right to walk behind the yellow couches.  Turn left to go around the curtain.  Walk past the bed and stop at the foot of the bathtub. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go past the yellow lounge sofa and turn right. Go to the end of the lounge sofa and turn left. Go past the bed and wait by the tub. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the yellow sofa and proceed around the bed and enter the bathroom .  Stand near the bath tub. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the wine cellar then pass the table and chairs and head straight to go out through the large arch. Then turn right and go into a room that has a fireplace and wait near the plant on the left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the wine cellar and past the dining room table. Walk into the hallway and through the entryway on the right. Stop by the chair. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go out of the wine cellar and past the dining table through an archway towards the front door. Turn into the room with the piano just before the front door and wait there. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go between the two tables and through the doorway and go to your left to the sink. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk out of the door with the round mirror towards a dresser, and walk into the bathroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the room, turn left, enter the bathroom, and stop in front of the sink. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the closet and turn left. Stop in the entryway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the closet,and exit through the door. Turn left, and stop at the entrance of the other room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the closet and stop in the archway on the left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn right and go straight until you see a room on your right, stop just inside that room. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past the stairs and walk into the first room on your right.  Wait on the staircase beside the long rug. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go straight and pass the stairs on the left. Continue straight and then turn right and turn right again to go down the stairs.. Go down three steps then stop. 
i5noydFURQK After you leave the bedroom make a left in the hallway and walk to the picture of the beach. When you are at the picture make a right and go into the bedroom. Then go to the bathroom on the right side of the room and wait. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom, make a left, make a right into the next bedroom, make another right passed the bed into the archway and wait. 
i5noydFURQK Go around the bed and to the door. Turn left and past the cabinet. Turn right into room. Go past bed and chair. Stop at door to bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the elevator and take a left. Walk down the hallway heading to the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk out of the elevator and turn left. Walk to the bottom of the stairs and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the elevator, then turn ninety degrees to the left and continue down the hallway, stopping at the base of the stairs leading upwards. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk down the hallway toward the stairs. Walk by the stairs. Pass the first door on the right. Wait there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk down the hall. Stop in front of the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk down the long hallway and wait at the first door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk down the hallway with the paintings that look like windows.  Keep going and pass the dining table.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk down hall to stairs on left. Turn left and stop on 4th step. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk towards the room with wooden floors.  Go to the staircase, and wait. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the second door from the right. Stop in front of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the closet, and make a right. Exit the bedroom, and make a left. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Make a right at the smoke detector on the ceiling. Wait at the foot of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the room and go into the hall. In the hall take a left. In the next hall enter the bedroom that is the second door on your right. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk into the very large living room and keep going, until you reach the stairs to the dining room, and wait at the second step. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the recreation area heading to the stairs. Go up three stairs and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Pass the pool table then pass the bar with the stools. Then pass the couches on the right and contunue straight until you get to some steps go up three steps then stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the bedroom and take a left. Enter the room straight ahead. Stop on the rug with the bench on your right. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Head outside the bedroom, make a left and go straight through the doorway, wait near bed. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out the door to the left of the white chair.  Once outside, turn left and walk into the room in front of you.  Walk into the bedroom and stop when you get to the bench underneath a painting on the wall. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right and turn right again after the desk on the right. Wait next to the cabinets and microwave. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight out of the closet and take the last right into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop next to the first counter on your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the closet and take a right. Enter the kitchen, and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight and then turn left and go into the room on the right that is right by the alarm controller. Wait by the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward down the hall, and take a left. Take the first right into the laundry room. Stop once you are in the room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward down the hallway and turn left. Walk forward and turn right into the laundry room. Wait just inside the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go through the big room passed the table on your left toward the mirror then make a left through the archway and wait mid-archway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Continue walking straight until you pass a large marble pot then turn left and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk to the far end of the room and through the doorway. Wait to the left, at the beginning of the hallway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk down the hall passing the stairwell. Walk into the bedroom ahead that has a bed with white comforter and blue floor rug underneath. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go through the near doorway, go through the hallway, wait near the fireplace. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the bedroom and wait by the fireplace. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Leave the TV room. Go straight and take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the room, make a right in the middle room into the bathroom doorway and wait. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the office and stop in the bathroom, on the right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the television and outside. Turn right and stop just outside the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Keep going straight at the top of the stairs and walk out onto the deck.  Once outside, turn right and go through the door going back into the house.  Stop in the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bedroom through the patio door. On the patio take a right into the kitchen. Stop in the doorway to the kitchen. 
VLzqgDo317F With the fireplace towards your right side, enter the room ahead and exit the next room via the rightmost opening on the opposite wall. Continue forward until the carpet ends, then go past the rope barrier to your right and wait on the carpet to the right of the fireplace. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down the right side of the hallway. Enter through the doorway on the right. Continue walking straight. Turn right and stop at the entrance of the room next to the rope partition. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left and then wait next to the fire place on the right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the closet and the room. Take a left, and right. Enter the foyer and take a right into the office. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Step out of the closet and walk left. Walk past the bench and right out of the bedroom. Walk left out of the room and past the glass door. Turn right and stop just inside the doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Take the doorway left of the cabinet. Enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom through the double doors on the right. Turn left at the mirror and then take a sharp right. Enter the living area. Walk to the double doors directly to the right. Stop there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left and go pass the chair and take another left pass the billiard table,take a right thorought a door, go through the bedroom and stop in front of the spa bath. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk out of the bathroom and make a left into the hallway.  Walk forward with the railing on your right, and the pool table on your left.  Keep walking past the pool table and go into the room that is the last door on the right.  Walk into the room,  turn right and walk between the end of the bed and the dresser.  Walk forward and stop when you get up to the tub. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and turn left. Take a right into the bedroom. Wait next to the tub. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bedroom through the door nearest the bed. Start down the stairs and stop four steps down. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn to the right, exit the bedroom through the door on the right. Go down the stairs and stop on the large landing. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk in front of couch, turn right and exit through door on left, turn slight right and walk down three stairs and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go through the hallway with the pictures to your right into the room with the square pattern on the floor. Cross the square diagonally and stop in the doorway where the four hangings are. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward into the area with the mosaic floor. Angle left and walk towards the door in the left corner of the room. Wait in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight ahead down the hallway. Once you enter the large room, walk diagonally across the room to the left side and enter the door. Stop once you enter the door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT With the door at your back walk to your right. Walk through the kitchen and stop in front of the bedroom door on the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward again and stop at the painting. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Facing the living room to the right. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the sectional sofa on the left. Walk between the TV on the left and the bar stools on the right. Make a left in front of the garbage bin on the floor. Wait in the door threshold near the garbage bin. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk forward to the breakfast bar. Take a right at the breakfast bar, then a left. Stop before you reach the island with the bar stools. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the sectional sofa and around the kitchen bar. Turn left at the mini garbage can and walk into the kitchen. Wait near the kitchen island with the chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk down the hall heading to the patio. Take a right before you exit the house and go straight. Take the second right into the dining room. Stop behind the first chair. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight until you pass the two statues that are one on each side then turn right and continue down the hallway until you see a room on the right with a large table and six chairs with a chandelier. Stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and walk towards the open back double doors. Turn right when you are in front of the back doors (before you go outside) and walk down the two marble steps and into the hallway. Walk forward past the first opening on the right and continue until you reach the area where there are double doors leading outside on your left and an open area with a dining table on the right. Turn into the dining area and stop just as you enter the area and when you are standing at the the head of the table. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past the fireplace and out of the room. Walk under the chandelier and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Pass the fireplace and then go straight out the door ahead. Wait by the chairs that have flowers. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight through the doorway, stop next to the chairs in the middle of the room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the room and exit via the door next to the giant clock.  Walk down the hallway and turn right at the top of the stairs.  Stop in the doorway to the deck. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Enter the room with the desks. Exit through the door to the left. Head forward down the corridor. Stop at the second door to the right that leads outside to the deck. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk out the door on the right side of the big clock.  Walk straight down the hallway and stop at the top of the stairs.  Turn right at the top of the stairs and walk onto the patio.  Stop in the doorway to the patio. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bedroom and sitting room and walk into the hallway. Wait near the kitchen, across from the staircase. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the room using the double doors on the left then continue straight until you see a stairs on the slight right. Turn right and go straight until you pass the stairs and get to the kitchen. Stop near the bar with the stool/chairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Go out the double-doors.Go to the staircase. Go to the bar. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the kitchen passing the double ovens on the right. Go through the doorway and turn left into the bedroom. Wait in the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the kitchen through the entrance right of the microwave. On the patio take a left into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a left and enter the bathroom. Stop once you pass the doorway to the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Head through the space between the island on your left and the oven on your right and continue straight to exit the room, passing the stove on your right. After exiting to the outdoors, turn left and reenter the building through the door on your left. Walk over to the left side of the bed and enter the bathroom towards your left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the stairs and straight into the dining room across from the stairs. Take a right into the kitchen Stop in front of the cabinet with glasses on the right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs, go into the doorway on your right and wait. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs and straight into the dining room. Just as you enter the dining room, turn right and enter the kitchen. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk forward to the kitchen. Walk past the counter and go to the sitting area on the right. Stop at the end of the counter. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk past the stairs and towards the kitchen. Stop at the far end of the kitchen. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go passed the stairs on the left, keep going straight between the living room set and the counter, go along the counter and take a few steps out from the counter and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk around the exterior of the home through the tiled patio area towards the backyard and pool area. Walk between the home and the pool along the tiled patio continue passed the open door to the home and walk towards the hot tub in the corner of the yard. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk towards the pool and walk down the length of it. on the side closest to the building.  Stop in front of the half circle-shaped hot tub in front of the two circle cut outs in the wall.  It has a cactus on one side and a large potted plant on the other side. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go towards the pool, then passed the pool to the right, and stop near the hot tub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room and turn right and walk down the hallway over the rug.  Stop at the very end of the hallway after passing the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room then turn right. Go straight until you get to a door on the right. Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room and walk to the end of the hallway. Wait past the stairs, in the corner. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o To through the door on the your left, then take another left and a right at the fireplace, go throught the middle of the two door that are open on your right and stop when you are through the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the chairs and to the left. Turn left and walk past the bench. Walk to the left of the fireplace and stop just inside the double doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Head to doorway. Go left and past the cabinet. Go past table and fireplace. Stop inside door to dinning room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Locate the stove. Travel around the counter to the doorway to the right of the stove. go through the archway and to the stairs. Go up three steps. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk through the kitchen around the counter passed the sink. Walk through the open door on the other end of the kitchen. Continue through the next room and walk around the corner through the open door near the fireplace. Walk up the flight of stairs towards the entrance of the home. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave through the door on the right of the stove. Take a left and head to the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the bedroom and walk into the next bedroom in the hall. Go stand in that room's bathroom doorway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Take a right then take another right into the bedroom with two beds. Take a left and wait in the entrance to the bathroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the bedroom, and make a right. Walk past the double closet doors on the right. Enter the open bedroom door on the right. Walk past the bed on the left. Walk past the TV on the right. Wait at the threshold to the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk onto the paving stones and turn left, following the path toward the door. Wait in the entry way. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go forward along concrete pathway. Take the first left. Go forward. Enter the door. Stop there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight then turn left and wait right by the entrance to go inside. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk out of the bedroom and across the hall. Walk past the table and chairs. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Stand in the doorway of the bathroom and walk straight ahead to the sitting area.  Walk past the chairs and bicycle and enter the bedroom.  Once in the bedroom turn right and walk into the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the doorway to the room with the red blinds ahead. Travel to the white door. Go through the door and into the bathroom with towels on the shelf. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the room and turn left into the bathroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk out of the theater and take a left. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk forward and out the door straight ahead. Once out, turn left and then enter the bathroom door on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk toward the chairs and turn right. Walk past the chairs and up the stairs into the kitchen. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the media area, and walk past the orange recliner. Walk up the stairs and stop one you are the top of the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the TV area, and go up the stairs on the right into the kitchen. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and enter the bedroom straight ahead. Once in the bedroom, turn left into the first door. Walk into the closet and then stop. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room and walk through the hall to the left. Enter the bedroom in the corner of the hall and turn left into the closet. Wait in the closet, near the shelves on the left. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room. Turn left and walk straight into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Then go into the closet, turn left, and stop after a couple of feet. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk to the top of the stairs and wait by the lamp. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 turn left, walk up stairs, stop beside the table with the lamp. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up the stairs then stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the laundry room and turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and stop in front of the bed. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the laundry room, make a right and go through the hallway until the end and then make a right into the bedroom and then wait. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and exit the door. Once out turn right and go to the end of the hallway and turn right. Enter the bedroom and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA To the doorway on the far right and head down the hall,  take a right and go through the open door, on your immediate right is a closet, go through the doorway and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the room and into the hallway.  Continue a straight path into the bathroom.  Wait in the closet to your left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the playroom, In the hallway walk straight into the bathroom across the hall. In the bathroom take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk across the patio and through the doorway. Walk straight into the room. Pass between the two large white pillars ahead. Then stop right after passing by the pillars. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head straight into the house using the double doors ahead. Continue straight until you get near the brown couch on your right then stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head inside through the open front door, then go straight ahead and stop just the other side of the pillar.
ULsKaCPVFJR Locate the bookshelf. Enter the door that is located on the same wall as the bookshelf. Turn right and travel past the elephant photo, and go left into the next room with a couch. Stop at the bowl of apples. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the bedroom and into the hallway on the other side. Turn right and walk down the hallway past a picture on the wall of an elephant. Walk into the next open door that leads to a large theater screen and couch area. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the room via the door in the middle of the wall to the right of the bed.  Once in the hallway turn right and keep walking until you get to the top of some stairs.  Turn into the entertainment room on the left instead of going down the stairs.  Stop just after entering this room. 
EDJbREhghzL Move down the stairs and take a slight right. Then continue straight for a few feet and walk straight through the doorway into a bedroom. Then enter the bathroom and stop after about two feet, next to the towel rack. 
EDJbREhghzL Finish going down the stairs then turn slightly right to continue going straight into the room ahead. Turn right and head straight into the bathroom. Wait by the towels on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs and enter the room on the right of the chair across from the stairs. In the bedroom take a right into the bathroom. In the bathroom Stop once you enter the bathroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bedroom through the first door on the left. Step onto the patio and walk to the right. Enter the living room through the patio door. Stop on the right rug once you enter the house. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight and turn left on the first door and walk toward the pool. Go slightly right and into the large glass doors to go inside the house. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bedroom area. Follow the hallway to the first door on the left. Go through the door to the outdoor area. Go forward toward the pillar. Take a slight left and enter the house through the sliding door. Stop there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down the hall into the large room and turn right. Walk through the center double doors past the table and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go into the nearest doorway and go straight through, make a right and go to the double doors and step outside and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Leave the office and go into the main room. Take a right and head to the door. Stop once you are on the balcony. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go downstairs, at the level turn left and go down the stairs halfway and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the flight of stairs. Take a left and go down another flight of stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the stairs. Turn left and continue down the second flight. Wait on the fourth step from the bottom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the bathroom and take a right. Walk down the hall and up the stairs. Leave the house through the main door and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn left and exit through the wood door. Turn right and go up the stairs. Once upstairs turn left and walk forward to the door leading outside. Stop in the doorway facing outdoors. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Go up the stairs and walk right around the corner.  Walk past the shelves and go outside.  Stop on the mat in front of the first potted plant. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and to towards the kitchen, turn left at the kitchen and go until you are right before the yellow couch by the picture on your right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the dining room through the closest door and enter the kitchen.  Turn left and walk straight down the room past the refrigerator, dining area, and sitting area.  Stop in front of the fireplace. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward into the kitchen and take a left. Walk through the kitchen. Stop next to the fireplace in the living room. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk towards the door going outside. In front of the door turn right. Walk across the room. Once you are in front of the stairs, turn left and enter the room. Stop once in the door. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the living room by taking a right, and going up the stairs. On the landing take a left and enter the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go past the couch, and go up the first part of the stairs. Take a left and enter the bedroom at the landing. Stop in the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the stairs. Wait in the kitchen next to the stove. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go downstairs and make a left, go into the kitchen area, make a right, and wait next to the stove. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the stairs and take a left.  Walk into the kitchen and stop on the left of the stove. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go stand in the kitchen entrance. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left and go into the room and then turn left and pass the table and chairs on the right. Pass the wall with the holes in it then turn left and wait at the entrance of the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk into the room with the white table. Turn left and walk past the table with chairs. Go left and stop in the doorway next to the table. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk past the printer and go all of the way down the hallway.  When you reach the "exit" signs, turn left and walk down the hallway.  Stop in front of the last wooden door on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go down the hall toward the exit signs and turn left at the end. Walk to the end of the next hall and stop between the last two doors on the left, which are marked 5-E and 5-D. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk towards the exit sign and turn left. Wait at the end of the corridor. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and enter the bedroom. Cross the bedroom and turn right and stop at the door leading out of the bedroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 From shower room enter bedroom, walk across bedroom to hall and stop at window. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom toward the bedroom. Exit the bedroom using the door on the right. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go straight and slightly right toward the glass table and white chairs. Pass the table and head straight, pass the couches and go into the room straight ahead. Wait by the bed. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go into the dining room, passed at the glass wall on the right, go straight into the bedroom doorway and stop. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk forward pas the dining table, and living room. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you pass the door. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Leave the bedroom and take a left. Take a left into the laundry room. Stop in front of the sink in the laundry room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go around the bed and out the door on your left then turn left and go into the room right next door.. Wait by the sink. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the bedroom and take a left. Enter the laundry room and wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and walk past the bar. Walk outside and stop just outside the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave the room and take a left. Walk straight and leave the room at the end of the hall. Stop once you are past the doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and go past the bar and out the large double doors. Wait outside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn left and walk past the pool. Enter the door to the house on your right. Once inside turn right. Walk straight ahead and stop when you enter the kitchen. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and walk by the pool and potted plants. Take a right into the house. Take another right and wait by the table. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk around the pool on the side closest to the building.  When you see an open door, go inside and turn right.  Stop in the doorway to the kitchen. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the kitchen and take a left into the living room. In the living room walk up the stairs. Walk into the door on the left of the bookcase. Stop in the doorway to the sitting room. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and walk into the room on the left. Take a right and walk up two stairs. Wait in the doorway of the living room on the right after the bookshelf. 
82sE5b5pLXE Take a left and pass the stairs. Turn right. Wait in front of the two wooden doors. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past the chairs and to the left. Walk in front of the chair and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bedroom via the farthest left. Walk toward the couch. Stop there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go towards the front door but before the front door make a left, then through the archway, go to the middle of the middle room and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk out the door behind you. Go across the room to the other side of the table. Go in the door to the left of the painting with sailboats and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk into the room with black leather chairs.  Walk towards the statue of a woman and go into the door on the right. Wait in this room by the wooden table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the kitchen and go straight Enter the room on the TV room through the second door to the right straight ahead. Stop in front of the first chair on the left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the display room, make a left into the brown double doorway and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward past the dining table on your right. Enter the living room through the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Travel past the long dining table until you reach the tub, enter the door on the left and wait near the entrance. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight past the table and chairs and past the large bench. Pass the statue and wait in the hallway right next to the black, grey and white painting on the wall. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the staircase on your left, walk forward towards the opening on the left side of the opposite wall. Stop once you're in front of the abstract painting on the wall. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and go straight across the room towards the human statue. Walk through the doorway to the left of the statue and stop facing the platter painting. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk away from the stairs and walk down the hallway. Enter the room at the end of the hallway. Stop in the doorway to the recreation room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight down the hall to the feather paintings.  Turn left and wait by the pool table. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Stand with the railing on your left and walk straight until you get to some artwork with feathers hanging on the wall.  Turn left and enter the entertainment room.  Stop just after stepping into this room. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Take a right past the pillar. Go down the hall and enter the office. Stop at the end of the desk in the office. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk past the sitting room and to the right. Go to the end of the corridor and wait inside the office. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right to exit the living area. Walk straight ahead into the study and wait there next to the table. 
rPc6DW4iMge Take a left at the bottom of the stairs. Go straight past the counter on the right. Stop once you pass the counter. 
rPc6DW4iMge Take a right and wait by the couch. 
rPc6DW4iMge At the base of the stairs, turn left and walk straight forward into the kitchen and sitting area.  Continue walking straight and stop once you have passed the last bar stool at the kitchen counter. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk into the house and take a right. Go into the dining room through the door farthest left. Walk through the dining room into the living room and stop in the doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn around and enter the house. Enter the dining room. Wait in the entry way of the living room. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk through the entrance and walk through the second doorway on your right, into the dining area. Turn left, then walk into the doorway of the living room. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the kitchen to the left, go straight and then left into the glass doorway leading the pool and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk through the passage on the left and keep walking until you go outside.  Stop just after having stepped through the doorway going outside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the kitchen heading to the patio. Take a left out of the patio door and stop in the patio doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs and stop when you reach the top. 
759xd9YjKW5 Head upstairs and stop at the top. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey At the top of the stairs take a left and go down the hallway. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop while facing the window on the left edge of the bed. 
JF19kD82Mey Keeping on the floor go toward the hallway, then make a sharp left turn and go down the hallway, go into the bedroom and stop between the bed and the windows. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk up the stairs and turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait by the foot of the bed. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room, make a right and go straight through the room to the next archway, then take a few steps into the big room and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the doorway in front of you. Once out turn right. Go across the large open room with the rug and enter the door straight in front of you. Once you enter the next room. Stop right before you get to the carpet. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Take a right and wait in the entrance to the large open room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk up the stairs ahead. Wait next to the entrance of the house. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go up the steps and pass the pool then go near the glass sliding doors and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk down the path in between the pool and grass. Stop outside the doors to the house. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn left and go out the hallway then go straight until you get to the other hallway and turn right into the bedroom. Wait by the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk out of the room. Take a left after the stairs and turn right. Wait in the bedroom that is on the right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Leave the office and head out into the hallway. In the hall go straight heading in the direction of the bathroom. In the hall take a right. stop in front of the nightstand. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right. Turn left at the stairs. Wait in the entry way of the bedroom just ahead. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Facing the stairs leading upwards, enter the room and then do an extremely sharp left hand turn to go down a narrow hallway. Stop at the entrance to the bedroom after passing a window on your left and a door on your right. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go inside then make a left U turn to go into the room at the end of the hallway. Wait at the entrance. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and go out the door on your right then turn right and go into the room next door. Wait at the entrance. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk towards where it says "SKI" on the wall.  Walk down the stairs on the left and at the bottom, turn right.  Turn right again and walk into the bedroom.  Stop when you enter the room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk towards the word SKI on the wall and then turn left. Exit out the door on your right. Once out the door turn right and enter the bedroom and stop facing the whole room. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom, make a sharp right through the doorway, then make a left to the top of the stairs and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Leave the bathroom and bedroom. Take a left and stop on the third step from the top. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Leave the bathroom and walk into the bedroom.  Turn right and walk outside the bedroom and stop at the very top of the stairs without going down. 
VzqfbhrpDEA With the painting of the seascape to your right and the farm scene to your left, go forward, then through the arched opening to your left. Upon entering the kitchen, go to the right and past the kitchen. Looking ahead, you'll see a fireplace. On the same wall as the fireplace, there will be an arched opening to the left of the fireplace. Head to that opening and go through it. After passing through the arched opening, go through the door opening to your left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Take a left through the archway on your left going away from the door. Walk past the kitchen and living room. Enter the archway on your left. Take a left into the bedroom and stop in the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Head out the entry way to the right of the large farm painting. Once out turn right and walk to the other side of the living room and out the door to the left of the TV. Once out the doorway turn left and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around until you're facing the middle of three arches with a table surrounded by six chairs behind you. Walk through the middle arch until you see a long table with eight chairs on each side and a fireplace further down in the next room to your right. There will be a door leading to the outside on your left. Turn ninety degrees to the right and walk towards the fireplace with the long table towards your left, stopping just before reaching the carpet in front of the fireplace. 
2n8kARJN3HM Facing the three archways go forward and immediately right, go through the rectangular archway and go into the first room on your left, go along the table, and stop at the chairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the office heading to the dining room. Walk through the room and into the kitchen. Stop in the doorway to the sitting room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight ahead going past a long table on your right. Once you pass the long table, turn right and walk towards the door to go outside. Once you reach that door, turn right into the Bridal Room. Stop inside the room facing the bathroom. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight and pass the stairs on the right then pass the fireplace on the left. After you pass the fireplace turn right. After you pass the black bench on the right turn right then and go into the room. Wait by the white sofa. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards the wood tiling. Turn right past the table with the white cloth. Walk past the long, black bench. Turn right and go into the Bridal room. Stop in front of the first white chair. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the room under construction and move into the hall. Turn into the first bedroom on the right and stand in the doorway of the bathroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go straight, turn right, go the through the doorway on the right, turn right into the first archway on the right, turn right again into the doorway between the bedroom and the bathroom and then stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the room and go through the first door on the right. Wait in the doorway to the en suite bathroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom by walking straight then turn right and go straight and enter the second door on the right. Enter that room and wait at the door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and turn right in the hall. Walk through the doorway at the end and stop in the bathroom doorway on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and turn right down the narrow hallway just past the sink on your right. Just after you pass through a door opening, stop at the door opening that will be at your immediate right. 
i5noydFURQK Go down the hallway opposite from the stairs, turn right at the first archway on the right and before you get to the far doorway stop. 
i5noydFURQK Go straight down the hallway and then turn right and stop by the white furniture with the four picture frames and the two white vases on on each side. 
i5noydFURQK Walk down the hall to the short hallway on the right. Wait at the end, outside the bedroom door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Head to the foot of the bed and exit the bedroom via the doorway at the far left corner of the room from where you started. Continue down the hallway staying close to the left hand wall until you can make a sharp left hand turn. There will be a sign straight ahead with a quote from Matthew 18:20. Go right from there into the laundry room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk out of the bedroom. Turn left after you reach the tablet on the wall that is on the left. Turn right into the laundry room and wait in front of the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go out of the room using the second door on the left then go straight until you pass a table and chairs on the right. Turn left and go into that room. Wait by the sink. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go out the door straight ahead of you and wall straight until you get to steps. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out the double wooden doors in front of you. Once out, turn right. Keep walking straight and stop at the bottom of the steps. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go through the open doorway straight ahead. Turn right. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk past the dining table and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs near the end table with a potted plant on it. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk around the dining table and up the steps, to the right, into the living room. Stop near the black end table. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk to your left away from the view of the pool. There will be a staircase right before the kitchen area to your right. Climb up those stairs and wait to the right of the stairs close to the table with the black ash tray and small white planter. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the stairs and turn left at the top.  Go down the hallway and stop when you reach the windows.  Turn right and walk into the room.  Stop a few steps after entering the room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the stairs and take a left in the hallway. Go down the hall, and take a right into the bedroom before the stairs. Stop once you step on the carpet. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the steps then turn left and head down the hallway. Turn right into the room and wait near the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go out the door on the left and then turn left and go into the other room. Turn right and go out into the hallway and wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and then enter the bedroom ahead. Wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go through the archway with the white windows, go passed the 4 pointed star on the floor and through the doorway, go into the bedroom towards the bed, make a slight right and stop at the intersection. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the bedroom and take a right. Enter the bedroom through the first door on the right. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room then turn right and head down the hallway then turn right into the room next door and wait by the entrance. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk out of the room, turn right, then make another right turn and stop near the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward toward the blue furniture and take a left. In the main room go out of the main door on the right. Stop once you are outside. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the the room with the blue furniture. Walk left out of the door and into the room across the hall. Go right and stand just outside the double doors. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter the room with the blue curtains, blue carpet and blue upholstered furniture. Then exit via the double doors to the left. Continue through the passage way until you see a large open staircase towards your left, then head right towards the middle set of doors leading outside. Go through those doors and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room and immediately turn left, then turn right, move forward and wait in the room entrance. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the closet then turn left and then turn right to go into the hallway. Go all the way down the hallway into the other closet and stay there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the closet and turn left. Turn right at the door and continue down the hall. Wait in the next closet. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Leave the bedroom through the arched doorway. Walk through the hallway and into the open area. Stop in front of the balcony straight ahead. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go past the bed and out the middle door then go straight toward the stairs and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH walk away from doorway towards foot of bed, turn right and walk past foot of bed exit bedroom, straight down hallway, stop before banister for stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the computer and go into the living room.  Wait by the round table in the living room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and wait next to the table with the five chairs and chandelier. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the office and into the large open room.  Walk straight past the kitchen and sitting area.  Stop when you reach the round table with chairs and stand behind the closest chair. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go upstairs and take a few steps forward on the floor and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs in front of you. At the top, walk forward and stop facing the large frame. 
82sE5b5pLXE With the curving wall to your left, continue down the walkway and stop at the door leading inside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk forward with the wall on your left. Walk to the door to the house and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk with the white wall with circles in it to your left. Stop on the placemat outside of the door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk down the hall away from the stairs. Stop before you enter the room at the end of the hall. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left. Go forward down the corridor. Stop in front of the bedroom door at the end of the corridor. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Head down the hallway past the thermostat and the five black and white pictures hanging on the wall.  Stop when you reach the two open doorways. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go straight and pass the bed. Exit the room using the door on the left into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn left and exit out the door to the right of the TV. Stop once you are in the room facing the tub and the windows. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go through the bedroom and into the doorway to the left, take a step into the bathroom and stop. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go stand behind the middle kitchen island chair. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk across living room to kitchen bar. Stop at bar stools. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk past the dining table and take a right. Stop once you pass the second stool on the left. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left and follow the rope. At the end of the rope turn right and follow the rope to the left. Once you enter that room, stop right before the table in the middle. 
VLzqgDo317F Step onto the red carpet and turn left. Walk down the red carpet, following the roped off section, and turn right after the rope ends. Follow the red carpet forward and turn left, walking through the double doors. Walk forward and wait near the chairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left just before the roped off section with table and chairs. Walk into the doorway on the right. Wait next to the table and chairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the laundry room and turn left then turn left and pass the glass table with the fancy chairs. Pass the round table and wait near the couches and the tv. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left down the hallway, turn left again and go along the long seat, go passed the long seat, go passed the front door on the left and take a few steps near the white and grey couches and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the laundry room and walk down the hall. Go past the dining table and wait in the sitting room, near the front door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go straight into big room, turn right towards stairs and go towards stairs, go passed stairs and stop at wooden table. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the chaise on the left. Make a right just before the dining table. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Wait at the fossilized wood coffee table. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk out of the office heading to the table. Take a right and go to the sitting area. Stop in front of the couch. 
PX4nDJXEHrG You need to leave the pantry/closet room and make a right in the hallway. Next, you should go down the hall and down the stairs into the bedroom, wait at the landing. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room and turn right. Go down the stairs and wait there by the bed. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the closet. In the hallway take a right. Go down the stairs and stop on the bottom step. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and turn left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go down the hall and wait at the base of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bedroom, and go left. Walk down the hallway to the elevator. Take a right at the elevator. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Head toward the stairs and turn right just past the stairs. Then stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk past the wing chair on the left. Walk past the stair rail on the right. Make a right opposite the "1" artwork on the left. Walk through the open double doors, onto the marble floor. Wait at the threshold of the sliding bathroom door on the left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight until you pass the large 1 on the left. then turn right and go into the room on the left. WAit near the sinks. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk so you are standing underneath the fan and then turn right.  Enter the door going inside and walk straight until you reach the head of the dining room table.  Stop behind the first chair you encounter. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight and pass one of the chairs then turn right into the glass doors and wait by the large table and chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and then turn right and walk into the house. Wait next to the table with four chairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bedroom and turn right immediately.  Walk down the hallway and take the first left, into the kitchen. Stay right, and head outside. Wait behind the wicker sofa. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall and enter the kitchen first on your left. Walk out of the patio door on the right and stand next to the three plants. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room then turn right and head down the hallway. Turn left into the opening and then head straight until you get to large glass sliding doors that lead to the outside. Go out and wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go to the top of the stairs. Continue past the stairs to the painting at the end of the hallway. Turn right and enter the door to the room with the chest of drawers and large white bed. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go straight past the stairs then turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward passing the stairs. Enter the bedroom on the right at the end of the hall. Stop once you enter the room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the office and then exit the sitting area. Wait in the hallway between the two doorways. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go the the left of the table and through the doorway on the left, once in the room turn left and go through the middle doorway on the left side of the room, take a few steps through the doorway and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go out the door on the left then go out the second door on the left and wait there in the hallway. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs the turn slightly right and to into the room straight ahead. Wait near the wardrobe. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left and go down the stairs. Once at the bottom, turn right and then turn left and enter the double wood doors. Stop right before you reach the closet doors. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs and to the right. Walk into the room and stop in front of the white panel doors. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go across the room with the banquet table and wait in the doorway, that is facing another large room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Wait at the last doorway on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight and pass all the chairs then turn right and wait by the door that is farthest to the left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom and enter the laundry room on the right. Wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the bed on the left. Exit the bedroom, and make a left. Walk past the stairs on the left. Make a right into the open door just after the two wall paintings on the right. Wait at the laundry room threshold. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room using the door on the right then turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait by the sink. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office room, make a right, make another right right away into the next office room and then stop in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head towards the exit of the room near the far end of the table next to you. At the door, go into the room to your immediate right with the door that has the number "02"  in the middle of a black hexagon on it. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the meeting room and turn right. Take your first right into another meeting room and wait in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the room and wait in the hall, outside the door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go out of the room and wait just outside the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the room through the doorway to the right, step into the doorway and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk to the right of the grey couch. Wait at the top of the stairs ahead. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn until the two black couches that are facing each other are directly in front of you. Then go through the exit to the room that's on the opposite wall from you and that requires you to take three steps upwards and has a pair of pocket doors to allow the room to be closed off. After you've passed through the opening, stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom walk past the couches in the living room to the hallway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go straight into the kitchen and then turn left. Go straight until you get to the round table with chairs that has a horse statue on it and wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk into the kitchen. Make a left in front of the island. Walk past the area rug on the floor. Wait at the dining table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn left and enter the kitchen. When you reach the island, turn left. Walk towards the kitchen table. Stop to the right of the table just before you reach the wood door. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go indoors then turn right on the second opening and head straight past the table with the straw chairs. Go straight and wait by the grey couch. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn around and enter the dining area. Exit the dining area and enter the living room. Wait next to the couch. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn around and enter the house. Enter the last door on the right. Once in, turn left and walk past the table and stop behind the couch. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Enter the bedroom and walk over to the closet. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go straight into the room then turn left and when you get to the bed turn left and go out the room then turn left on the room next door and wait there in the closet. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Facing the mirror go left through the doorway, go into the middle of the bedroom, then go into the archway that is to the left of the bed, then make a left once in the hallway into the closet doorway and then stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk down the hallway past the stairs and walk to the bedroom door on your left. Enter the bedroom and walk to the bathroom. Then stand by the sink. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room go past the stairs and turn left. Pass the large plant with the black pot and turn right. Go into that room and turn right, wait by the sink in the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk to the right of the stairs. Walk towards the large plant and take a slight left. Walk past the bed. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the door to your left. Turn right and walk through the dining area. Just past the partition screen on the right, turn left to stand n door to kitchen area. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head through the door opposite the light switch.  Turn left and head past the glass table and chairs. Head past the screen. Step into the kitchen area. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go through the doorway and turn left heading past the dinning room table.  Turn left by the glass table and stop in front of the kitchen island. 
82sE5b5pLXE walk straight across room to hallway on slight left, go down a few steps and continue down hallway, turn left at 2nd door and then turn an immediate slight right into bedroom. stop in doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE proceed straight through the doorway past the wooden shelves, continue down the stairs that are slightly towards the right. Continue straight to the second doorway, face your left, there will be a toilet straight ahead, enter the doorway to the right so you are facing a bed. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go inside pass the shelves and go down the five steps, turn left on the second door you pass and turn right. Wait at the entrance of the room with the green comforter on the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Walk forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Take a left into the closet. Stop next to the shelf with the gray and white basket. 
i5noydFURQK Go down the hall to the left and  continue down the hallway, enter the door and then go in the door on your left and turn left and stop in front of the shelf. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around. Head straight down the hallway into the bedroom. Turn left into the first doorway into the closet. Turn to the left and face the corner with shelves and wicker basket and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go through the double doors and turn right. Go through the entry and then go through the doors and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk into the living room, pass the sink with the bird background. Go out the door, turn left and wait by the clear glass vase on the floor. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the doorway next to the sink with an image of a bird on the wall behind the sink. Stop a couple of feet into the room, next to the plant in a glass container on the ground. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left, walk through the door, keep going walking to the next door ahead of you and before you get to the door you will  pass a glass table on your left and a statue of a horse on your right, keep going straight to the door and stop once you pass the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left, walk through the door, walk past the dining table, walk through the door, and wait. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight through two doorways. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk onto the first rug. Turn left and go along the right side of the table. Stop in front of the dresser. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk around the dining room table and stop on the edge of the carpet at the head on the opposite side of where you started, right by the table with the animal sculptures on it.  Stop in front of the pig sculpture. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk onto the rug on your right towards the table with black chairs. Walk on the right side of the table, past the wooden dresser and stop on the blue rug. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head toward the stairs and turn left before you get to the stairs. When you see the plant go through the double doors and turn left. Go up four steps on the stairs to your right and wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go through the french doors located near the large fern and head over to the staircase next to the living room. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk through the doorway, to the left of the table. Walk over the rug and through the doorway under the stairs. Turn towards the left and walk towards the stair on your right. Proceed up four steps and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the stairway and through the hall with cabinets.  Stop at the entrance to the bathroom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and go right up the stairs and go down the hall. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left away from the first hallway. Turn left again and climb the stairs. Walk straight down the next hallway, then stop at the entrance of the room. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom and turn left. Pass the bed and pass the yellow couch. Go into the door that has two candles on each side and wait by the towels on the wooden piece of furniture. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom. Walk past the bed and stop in the doorway of the sauna. 
1LXtFkjw3qL walk away from the toilet down the hall to the left, continue past the bed, continue past the green couch and walk through the doorway on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the living room, past the TV on the wall on your left. Continue into the hall and stop between the two tall green plants. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn slight left and walk straight. Stop in the doorway near the plants. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk straight across sitting room, stop between two plants. 
29hnd4uzFmX Head up the stairs, turn right and stop in front of the doorway by the plant. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the stairs. Wait at the potted plant on the landing. 
29hnd4uzFmX Continue going up the stairs and then turn right and wait by the plant. 
2n8kARJN3HM exit room slight right into main room. Turn slight right up 2 steps. Stop between 2 bathtubs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk to the room with the double doors.  Walk up the steps and stop facing the bathtub. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the empty room through the exit sign, walk towards the bathtub, and wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit and turn right. Walk and pass all the exercise machines, and turn right towards the very corner room. Enter the room, and turn right again standing next to the divider. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit massage room into exercise room. Walk into door on the right, stop at locker area. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around to face mirror and exercise machines. Turn right and walk forward. Take right side doorway. Walk to screen. Turn right and enter locker room. Stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and head towards the dresser. Than turn left and head towards the exit. Exit the room and go through the hallway. Stop once you reach the living room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj With the bed behind your and towards the right, exit the bedroom heading to the left. Continue down the hallway until you reach the kitchen on your left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj exit bedroom to hallway and walk straight to the kitchen. Stop before kitchen counter. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go out the double door on your left then turn right and turn right again. Wait right in front of the closet entrance. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the two open wooden doors and turn right. Then take the first right into a hall. Stop in front of the mirror on the wall. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn to your left and exit out the wooden doors with glass. Outside the door turn right and enter the hallway. Stop at the first door on the left facing the drawers and the end of the hallway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the door and turn right. Walk down the hallway passing the glass table, and entering another door. Stop at the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and turn sharp right. Pass that room and go out to the door straight ahead. Wait in that hallway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go into the hallway and take the first right turn. Go through the doorway and continue straight past the table and chairs. Stop just past the doorway in front of you. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk behind couch and towards pool. Proceed past table and turn left towards love seat. Head towards potted trees. Keep to the right of the tree and wait directly in front of doorway with two rugs in front of it. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk to the table in front of you, then take a slight left and wait in between the pool and the doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Head towards the pool and veer around it to the left. Stop in front of the double sliding glass doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the kitchen then turn right and then left to the hallway. Go into the first door on your left then wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk away from the fridge and between the counters. Go down the hall on the left. Wait at the entrance to the next room on the left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk between the island on your left, and the counter on the right, that has three bar stools. Continue traveling in a forward motion past the row of cabinets and into the hallway. Turn left and go forward and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait near the end of the wall on your right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bathroom and turn left passing the tub and then two sinks one on each side. Go past four doors on your right and when you get to a room with a bed go out that double door and wait at the top of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit toilet to bathroom, turn slight left into sink and walk straight passed sinks into bedroom, turn left through double doors and stop on top of stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bathroom, travel past the tub, take a left past the sinks until you enter the bedroom, then exit the door on the left into the hallway. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave the room and walk down the hallway until you pass two chairs.  Stop in the doorway of the room on the left (it is directly after the second chair). 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom by walking forward down the wooden-floored hallway. Continue ahead until you pass the first chair on your left. Bear left around the second brown leather chair. Stop just short of the open doorway. Then wait here. 
1LXtFkjw3qL exit the bathroom go. Move forward til you are by the second chair. 
S9hNv5qa7GM When you get to the second chandelier turn right and when you get to the third chandelier turn left. Wait by the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go toward the kitchen and turn right into the hallway, and then turn left toward the living room.  Stop in the doorway next to the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM With your back to the door, take a dog leg ahead and to the right. Stop when you reach the room with the wooden floor in front of you. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn left and exit the door near the sink. Then turn left and enter the next hallway. Turn right and enter room, Stop at the edge of the rug facing the couch. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bathroom and turn left. Pass the closet then turn right. Walk toward the bed and wait there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va exit bathroom to hallway, turn left and go through open door, turn right at hallway, turn slight right into bedroom standing at edge of rug. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the hallway and pass the fireplace then turn slightly left and pass the stairs and when you get to the kitchen wait by the first bar stool. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hallway, towards the flowers. Turn slightly left and pass the flowers and the bottom of the stairs. Enter the room with the bar, and wait next to the first high chair. 
EDJbREhghzL walk down the wood floor hallway away from the bedroom, pass the fireplace and continue straight, walk to the left side of the table with a flower arrangement to the base of the staircase, walk past the stairs and stop before you make it onto the marble floor of the kitchen. 
p5wJjkQkbXX You should walk out of the bathroom closet and make a left to leave the bathroom. Once you are in the bedroom walk around the bed and go through the door to leave the bedroom. After you leave the bedroom make an immediate left turn, then make another left to go into the bathroom and wait by the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go into the bathroom and turn left into the bedroom.  Go around the bed and out into the hall.  Turn left and go into the dark bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn to your right and enter the bathroom. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Cross the bedroom and exit the door on the right. Walkout into the hallway. Turn left and walk into the bathroom on your left. Stop in front of the sinks. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go around the table and pass the ping pong table. Wait near the desk with the two brown chairs and one black chair. 
ZMojNkEp431 walk to center of room, turn right at ping pong table. Walk straight towards glass doors. Stop next to the desk on the left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the ping pong table. Wait at the white garbage bin on the floor to the left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and go towards the door. Walk out the door and look to your right and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk toward the entranceway of the room.  Step out of the room and into the next. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the office area and wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o From the front door you need to walk straight back until you get to the table with the white table cloth. When you walk to the end of the table make a left and stand in the doorway. Make a right when you are in the doorway and go to the bathroom doorway. You have to wait in the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left just past the first covered white table. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom on your right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right and head towards the hall way. Make a left at the door labeled restrooms than make your immediate right. Turn left at the first door and the destination is there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the closet and go through the door into the bedroom. Walk towards the end of the bed and through the french doors on your left.  Walk across the room with the dinette table on your left and the living room chairs on your right.  Stop at the spot where the chair is on your right and the door on your left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Leave the bathroom and head into the closet. Exit the closet and take a left through the double doors on the left and enter the dining room. In the dining room veer right, and stand on the left edge of the arm chair and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bathroom, then take the turn to your right. Continue forward until you can go through the double doors to your left. After going through those doors, head towards the door that's ahead and slightly to the right. Stop just prior to reaching that door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the room to the right of the TV and go down the hall. Turn left and walk towards the bathroom. Turn right and wait in the entrance to the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Head through the doorway into the small hallway and turn left toward the stairs.  Go past the stairs and toward the bathroom.  Turn right into the bedroom and stop at the side of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Leave the living room through the door on the right, walk past the door on the left, turn left, walk towards the bathroom, turn right, and enter the bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around, then turn slightly left and head down the hallway, stepping on the yellow rug. Continue down the hallway until you're to the right of the gold framed mirror, then turn right. Turn left when you reach the wooden table, then head straight until you're standing on the grey mat on the floor. Wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right and walk along the rug. Make a right hand turn at the end of the hallway. Walk between the table and the pedestal to the top of the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the doorway and turn to the left. Go all the way down the hallway. Turn right and go under the arch. Wait in front of the double doors by the stairs. 
s8pcmisQ38h Head through hallway and toward the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop on the second landing. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go down the hallway and head to the stairs. Head down the first section of stairs, then head down the second section of stairs and stop on the landing. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go down the hallway pass the black couch and go down the stairs go down twelve steps. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and walk straight down the path towards the pool. Turn left at the next walkway and stop facing the door to go inside. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk down the walkway outside going towards the pool.  Go left when you reach the pool and stop a few steps away before entering the building. 
VVfe2KiqLaN follow concrete path to  2 pillars, turn left and stop in front of sliding glass door. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the bedroom and take a left. Wait in the doorway of the office. 
i5noydFURQK Go out the door on your left and out into the hallway  Turn left and go down another hallway head straight into the room ahead and stop right before the table with 2 green chairs. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom, and make a left. Walk past the bathroom, and wait at the sliding barn door. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom and turn left, pass the stairs and then turn right. Pass the table with chairs and head toward the white couch and white chairs. Wait near there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit toilet and turn left down hall, turn right and walk across dining room to outside. Stop next to chairs outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right then exit to your left. Walk straight and enter the large room. Turn towards your right and walk over to the opening to go outside. Stop in the opening facing outside. 
r47D5H71a5s go strait through the hall and out the door. Then turn slightly to the right go past the stairs and stand next to the bar in front of the elevators. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and turn slightly right then go down that hallway turn right and go into the double doors. Stand near the desk before the elevators and right after the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit sink area and take a slight right toward the door. Exit the room. Walk through the double doors directly to the right. Walk toward the Elevators and wait near the front desk. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left and walk across large work room beside long table, turn left at 3rd chair, walk behind table and turn slight right down hall. stop next to green vase. 
ZMojNkEp431 walk towards the small ladder, start walking down the left side of the table, walk left towards the small table and floor lamp. Walk behind the small table, turn slight right and stop in the doorway on the right,. 
ZMojNkEp431 Head towards the wooden table and take a left to the large wood desk staying left of it and go around to the open door behind it. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk past table, into kitchen and wait by counter. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk past the dining room table on the right. Go through the doorway and wait next to the kitchen counter. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Stay left of the table and walk through the door into the kitchen and go to the marble kitchen counter. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the dining area, past the living room, and wait. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk down the path away from the pool. Stop in front of the last open door on your left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go on the outdoor sidewalk past the pool and continue until you stop where the table and chairs are on your left inside. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk out of the bathroom past the bathtub and stop a few steps inside the bedroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the bathroom until you reach the bedroom. Walk into the bedroom door. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk past the bathtub and through the doorway to the left of the sink. Walk onto the hardwood floor and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk away from the door and turn left after the wooden barrier, walk straight to the right side of the table passing it completely. Continue straight towards a similar wooden barrier and stop in front of the wicker chair on your right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left through the opening in front of you. Walk straight across the room past the tables and then stop in the doorway of the next room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward a few steps and make a sharp left turn. Walk straight past the dining table. Stop just past the doorway on the right side. Wait by the wicker chair. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room.  Walk into the hallway and enter the first doorway on your left.  Walk into that room and stop when you get to the bed. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the room and walk into the large room with the mosaic on the floor.  Go into the first room on the left and stop near the foot of the bed. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk away from the leather ottoman through the doorway and through the first doorway on your left. Walk in straight and slightly to the left and stop in front of the massage table. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk out of the bathroom and take a right. Walk through the doorway and wait next to the lockers. 
r47D5H71a5s Go out of the bathroom to the exercise room.  Turn right and go down the hallway.  Make a slight right and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then go into the door on the right and turn right. Wait near the basket. 
aayBHfsNo7d Head to the left of the table and toward the stairs.  Go past the stairs and stop next to the coffee table and couch. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk to the left of the table and continue by the staircase and continue straight, stopping right before the end table near the couch. 
aayBHfsNo7d Head toward the stairs. Pass the stairs and head toward the couches and wait there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn right, walk into the hallway, turn left, walk down the hallway, and wait by the bedroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room and turn right. Head down the hallway. When you get to a blue and white painting go into the door on the left that is closest to the painting and wait near the bed. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bedroom. Go left in the hallway. Go through the hallway. Go into the room with the television. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room and to left pass the bench on the left and when you see the fireplace turn left head toward the round table when you get to the table turn right in that hallway. Wait there by the drinking fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room to the left. Continue to turn left and walk past the office on your right. When you see the underside of a staircase, look left for an entryway marked "Restroom" and head towards it. Stop in front of the water fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the doorway directly opposite of the large mirror on the floor. turn left and walk past the black bench towards the fireplace. Turn left at the fireplace walk past the double doors and past one long table covered with white linens. Stop in the doorway on your right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around 180 degrees and walk down the hall past the posters. Go past the first set of doorways and turn right into the room walk toward the double doors that lead outside and wait at the end of the rug. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go forward to the first set of doors. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the hallway until you get to an arch. Go through the first arch and past the sink. Wait between the top of the two stairs. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go through the door and make a right and head towards the drum set. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the bathroom, turn right, turn right again, and wait by the drums. 
29hnd4uzFmX exit toilet room to hall and turn hard right, stop in front of drum set. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go past the checkered couches and the black chairs with the dining room table. Pass the statue of a women and when you get to the colorful stairs turn right and wait by the office desk. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Head towards the table with multiple black leather seats. Turn slightly left and head towards the staircase. When you reach the staircase stop and turn right and enter the office room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the tables and onto the blue and red rug.  Keep walking beside the long black table, towards the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs, and turn right. Walk inside the office and wait next to the desk. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk all the way down the hallway and wait right at the top of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn and go left down the hallway to the end room. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the room and go right.  Keep going straight until you pass through a doorway and stop on the rug on the grey floor in front of the top of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around towards the long hallway and go out the first door on the right. Go across the rooms in between the tables and chairs towards the door straight across with the barbers chair. Enter the room and stop facing the chair. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go left down the hallway with the rug. Enter the first room on the right, walk over to the first set of doubles across the room.  Enter that room and wait. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go to the rail. Go to the bathroom door. Go to the hexagon table. Go to the dining table. Go to the dog painting. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk between the stone walls and turn right at the bookcase. Walk across the room between the table and ping pong table and wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Enter the office room and turn right. Walk past the ping pong table and wait near the desk with the white garbage can. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go straight and pass the tables and chairs. Go past the ping pong table and wait by the desk with two brown chairs and one black chair. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Turn slightly left and go into the bathroom. Wait by the weird looking toilet. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Go and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Leave the bedroom through the right, enter the bathroom, and wait. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk towards the stairs, go up the stairs, and wait. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the kitchen and go up the stairs on the right. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk up the stairs and wait at the top of the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Enter the door on the right with the desk, travel through the room out the door, then take a left, enter the room and immediately enter the door on the right. You will be in an empty room with a ceiling fan. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk to end of hallway and turn right, enter study and walk right towards balcony at balcony turn right and walk through opening, walk straight and turn right and stop in archway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight, turn right, walk into the office, turn right, go outside, turn left, walk through the door, turn right, and wait in the empty room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the stairs and turn right at the bottom of the stairs. Turn left in the next hallway. Immediately after turning left, wait in the hallway next to the entrance to the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR continue walking down the stairs and follow them to the left until you reach the bottom. walk straight and slightly right through the doorway, walk slightly straight and turn left down the hallway. Stop at the first doorway when the bathroom is on your left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go all the way down the stairs and turn right. Then, take the first right and stop in front of the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Take a left into the library, then sit on the white chair to the immediate left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk forward to the dining room table. Turn left and enter the room. Wait at the chair by the door. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go past the table and turn left on the second door. Wait right by the light blue couch. 
82sE5b5pLXE Head past the bed toward the chair and ottoman.  Turn right and stop in the bathroom at the foot of the tub. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go to the bed. Go to the electrical outlet. Go to the settee. Go to the closet. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go to the foot of the bed. Go to the footstool. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk along the house towards the small round table. Pass the table and continue to the doorway. Enter the doorway to the right. Wait inside the doorway, on the wood floor. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk down the covered walkway with the building on your right. When you reach the set of double wooden glass doors on your right, go into the building. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Move past the table and enter the door with a garbage bin next to it. Stand near the entrance. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn to your right. Go through the doorway on your left behind the rope. Go down the hallway and stop at the top of the staircase on the left. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk across room to hallway on left follow red rug to two large pillars and turn left. Stop at top of steps. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the pink room using the left door then head out to the hallway and walk until you get to the top of the stairs on the left. Wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head down the hallway and turn left into the bedroom by the railing.  Go into the bedroom and stop by the bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Travel forward down the hallway, past the potted plant, you will reach some railing, continue straight until you reach the doorway on your left, enter the room on your left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk all the way straight down the hallway. Turn left at the very first corner where the brown railing is visible on the right. Enter the bedroom door, and stop at the rug placed underneath the bed. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk down the steps and take a very slight left, before heading through the door and taking a hard right, wrap around and through the same door and stop at the top of the steps. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Climb down the steps and go into the living room, Turn right twice and stand in the doorway on the landing. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the room and stop in the doorway leading to the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Pass the dining area, down the hall, and go up the stairs, all the way until you get 3 stairs from the top. 
1pXnuDYAj8r When you leave the big dinning area go straight to the stairs and walk up the first flight. When you get the second flight of stairs wait on the third step. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the sitting area and go up the stairs.  Stop on the fifth step from the top. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the building through entryway. Stop on patio just outside the front door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o at the bottom of the stairs face left, walk to the left of the marble table and turn left to walk outside. Stop as soon as you make it onto the pavement outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and walk toward the round table. Go between the two large benches and out the glass/wood door then stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Proceed down the hallway away from the bed, pass two leather chairs on your left, a bathroom on your right and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the two chairs in the hallway and stop when the open door to the bathroom is directly on your right. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Head down the hallway. Pass two chairs and wait before you get to the three steps. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn to your right and walk towards the door going outside. Once you are in front of the door leading to outside, turn right and go into the room. Stop right inside the door beside the chair. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk under the stairs, and past the black leather bench. Make a hard right at the floor mat. Wait at the chair just inside the open door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right, walk towards the exit, turn right, enter the room, turn right, and wait by the mirror. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hallway and turn right. Walk into the room at the end of the hallway and stop in front of the rug. 
S9hNv5qa7GM walk down the hallway away from from the hardwood floor, turn right at the end of the hallway, continue straight and turn left at the end of the hall, walk through doorway on your right and stop before you reach the carpet. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hall next to the staircase. Follow the right turn of the hallway and continue straight. Walk through the arched doorway into the living area and stop before the rug. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the stairs then turn right and go down the hallway. When you get to two golden lion statues turn left and go into that room. Wait near the tv. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up the steps in front of you. At the top turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left into the door with the statues outside and enter room and stop right before the coffee table facing the window. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the stairs and go right down the hallway.  Go down the hallway, turn left and stop by the coffee table. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk across the room passing the bed on the right. Exit through the doorway and go down the hall. Turn right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Enter the bedroom and walk around the bed.  Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway past the bed. Continue along the hallway and turn right at the top of the stairs. Go down one step and wait on the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Pass the bed and turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to a painting that will be on your right which has a lady and watermelon in it. When you see that turn right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go between two poles and between all the surrounding tables. There is a white couch in the corner of the room. Go to the coffee table in front of the white couch. 
ZMojNkEp431 Leave meeting left across room with many desks and chairs and stop near sofa with pallet coffee table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk between the tables and across the loft, stand in front of the coffee table by the white couch. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the double doors and turn left. Continue through another set of double doors. Wait in front of the circle railing in front of the stairs and between the large columns. 
VLzqgDo317F Follow red carpet, turn right at chandileir, wait at top of stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk away from the semi circle of chairs through the doorway, follow the red carpet to the left, pass the fire extinguisher on your left and follow the red carpet until there is a staircase on your right. Stop at the top. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the two steps, pass the bathtubs. Go down two more steps, turn left, and wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Behind you, go into the room on your right.  Walk down two steps and keep walking towards the blue bath tub on your right, and go down two more steps.  At the bottom of the stairs go left through the double doors and stop at the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Head down the steps, past the white bathtub and turn right. Wait just inside the empty room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk away from the piano, to the right of the wood door, down the hallway and into the bedroom on the right. turn left in the bedroom and walk towards the bathroom. stop once you made it onto the tile floor. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk slight right across sitting room into hallway, turn sleight left and enter bedroom on the right. turn left in bedroom and stop next too hutch. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go past the small couch and turn slightly right to go into the hallway, pass the glass doors. Then head straight into the first room on the right. Then turn left and wait in the hallway that is painted beige and has two paintings one on each side of a piece of furniture on the left. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit laundry room to hallway Turn left and walk down hallway to large mirror. Turn right into kitchen and right again stopping between two counters before stove. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk towards the hallway, turn left, walk down the hallway, enter the next door on the left, turn right, and enter the kitchen/bar. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go into the hallway turn left and head toward the the two doorways.  Turn right into the kitchen.  Turn right and stop next the the stove. 
ac26ZMwG7aT exit laundry room to hall, turn left walk straight towards kitchen, stop in kitchen archway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go to the front of the washing machine. Go through the doorway in front of the washing machine. Turn left at the window. Go straight until the pantry is on your left and stop in front of the pantry. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the laundry room and turn left. Wait by the picture frame on the right wall. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit bedroom turn right before steps and stop right behind the couch. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn left and head to the bottom of the wooden short staircase you see. Turn right and head down the staircase there, continuing the same direction, stopping and waiting when you enter the room and you're just in front of the white couch. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the toilet door and turn right. Turn right again at the small corner passing the wall. Stop in front of the white sofa. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn slightly right and head up the first set of three stairs. At the top turn right and go through the doorway. Turn right again and stop at the large column and the couch on the wood floor. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk up 6 steps and turn right at double doors, turn right at steps and stop next to white chair and little table. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the three steps then turn right and then turn right again and wait by white and black painting in the wall. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the door furthest away from you and take a left. Wait at the top of the white marble stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk across sitting room to hallway that is to the right of the fireplace. Turn left towards stairs, stop at top step between two pillars. 
VLzqgDo317F Move around the table and to the right. Then go over or under rope and move forward. Continue down the hall straight, then through the doors. Turn to your left and continue forward and up the stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bedroom, slightly left down the hallway. Turn slightly right towards the flight of stairs. walk past the stairs onto the rug and turn left. Walk through the doorway to the outside and stop once you are past the black mat. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Take a left in the hallway and go past the stairs. Take the first left past the stairs and go outside. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Head out the door on your right and down the hallway. Keep right past the stairs. Turn left and exit the wood door leading outside. Stop when you are right outside the door facing the street. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk across the dining room, away from the windows and toward the bookcase.  The table will be on your right, and the fireplace will be on your left, as you walk.  Step into the doorway at the end of the doorway next to the bookcase. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go left of the table than make a right than take your first left through the opening. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk around the table towards the hallway and stop in the doorway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the doorway, turn left and stop in front of the marble counter. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the doorway and walk across to the dining room. Enter through the doorway to the kitchen and wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the door and turn left. Pass the dining table and enter the door leading to the kitchen. Stand in front of the very first counter and stop there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk across room following glass wall on right, turn right at stone pillar and stop next to OSB box. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards the desk located on the right side of the room. Pass behind the desk and chair. Walk past behind the next desk. Stop at the wooden box. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the conference room and wait in the hallway on the right. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk across the room and head down the hallway to the right of the stairs. Turn in the door to your left. Keep walking straight and enter the next room and stop in front of the desk. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Head towards the stairs to go around the table on your right. Go past the stairs into the hallway to the right of the stairs, then turn hard left and continue forward until you reach the desk in the office at the end of the hallway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk behind chairs, through hallway, then go to the left, keep walking towards room with large desk. Take a few steps into the room, then stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around and go down the hall way, then turn right.   Proceed down the hallway and enter the first door on your right. Wait by the door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head down the hallway toward the red door.  Turn right past the copier.  Turn right into the room with red pipe and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down hallway, and make a right in front of the red exit door. Walk past copy machine, and make a hard right into the open door on the right. Wait at threshold of door. 
rPc6DW4iMge After you go up the stairs go right turn right and go into the room that is to the right of the thermostat. Wait by the first bathroom sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge From the top of the stairs, head down the walkway, then veer right and go into the bathroom on your left. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go toward the hallway by the stairs and turn right toward the bedroom.  Turn left and stop in the bathroom by the first sink. 
JF19kD82Mey Go around the bed and head down the hallway.  Stop by the art on the floor in the hallway. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the bathroom and go around the bed with the bed on your right, exiting the bedroom at the far right corner. Continue down the hallway until you reach the stairs leading down towards your right. 
JF19kD82Mey Leave the bathroom area and walk past the bed into the hallway.  Keep going straight until you reach the top of the stairs.  Stop by the sculpture close to the top of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the living room and go up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the living room, and walk into the foyer. Walk up the stairs, and wait at the top of the landing. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the room by going straight. Head up the stairwell. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk away from the stairs through the doorway on the left. Enter the second door across the hall and wait near the locker area doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn until you see the little lamp on the table. Walk forward through the open doorway and through to the open doorway farthest to your right. Continue walking forward to reach the end of the wall on your right with the rocks. Stop and wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Go through the double doors to the left of the stairs. Proceed through the door on the left. Wait at the end of the hall. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the laundry room and turn right to enter the kitchen.  Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the laundry room and turn right.  Walk until you enter the kitchen and then stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the laundry room, turn right, and walk into the kitchen. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go past the pink chairs and the light blue chairs and go into the room on the right and wait by the chair with the flowers. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go into the room filled with lounge chairs and then go through the big archway, take a right into another archway, take a step into the room and wait. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and walk straight, in between the two pink chairs. Take a right after the blue chair on the right. Walk into the sitting room and wait by the first chair on your right. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight ahead past the stove, sink, refrigerator, washer and dryer. Stop once you reach the bedroom door past the washer and dryer. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight through the kitchen. Walk in the doorway after the washer and dryer. Wait by the dresser. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ walk away from the door to the outside, past the stove and sink. Stop once you are in the doorway straight past the washer and dryer. 
s8pcmisQ38h Pass the white couches and head straight until you get to an old stove on the right and wait there. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk past the double loveseats. Walk past the wagon wheel chandelier hanging from the ceiling. Walk past the stairs to the left. Wait on the area rug. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk across living room, through archway and stop on the red rug in front of wood stove. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Turn right and proceed down the hallway and enter the master bathroom.  Wait near the shower. 
EDJbREhghzL As you exit the bathroom, turn right and go through the door, turn right again and continue into the large bathroom. Stop in front of the shower on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the bathroom and take an immediate right into the bedroom. Upon entering the room, take an immediate right and follow the short hallway into the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn to the left and walk to the white coffee table between the yellow couch, the red and blue carpet, and two white chairs. Walk past the two while chairs and the painting of sailboats towards the opening leading to the next room. Walk to the brown coffee table with two wicker chairs and turn to the left towards the next room with folding glass doors. Walk into the seating TV area and towards the portable room space heater. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn to your left, walk towards the swing in front of the window. Once you are in front of the swing turn left  and enter the next room. Stop facing the blue loveseat with books on the right. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Head left past the white table and chairs until you reach a brown table, enter the room on your left and stand next to a table with a small lamp on it. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk straight passing the dining table. Turn left on the very first corner entering a library room. Stop at the very first white chair on the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk away from the red wall, straight over the rug and through the doorway to the right of the small table holding a sculpture. Stand in front of the white chair on your left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go past the table and then into the second door from the left. Sit down and wait in the white chair that is right by the light blue couch. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk straight across exercise room to archway on the right next to picture.on the wall. Walk towards sinks. Stop at plant on the wall. 
r47D5H71a5s Go to the exercise bike. Go to the massage chair. Go to the bathroom door. Go to the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk away from the pool, past the exercise equipment and barbers chair. Once past the chair walk through the doorway on the right, and follow it to the left. Stop in front of the double sinks. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the kitchen into the living room, turn right into the entryway, then wait in front of the wine area. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Move forward, then take a slight step to the right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the kitchen and sitting room and wait in the doorway to the wet bar. 
ZMojNkEp431 Cross the room walking next to the the table-tennis table, with the table-tennis table on your left.  Stop when you get next to the wooden crate past the end of the table-tennis table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go past the pinball table and the wooden storage bins. Stop at the wooden conference table with the four yellow chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk across work room to table with yellow chairs. Stop at the yellow chairs. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and turn left head toward the desk. Pass the desk and go out through the clear glass doors. Wait near the large vase with the grey stones and the large candles. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go out the door straight in front of you. Turn left and keep walking straight through the glass doors and stop to the left of the large green vase. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out the door of the room and turn left.  Walk down the corridor past the screen and reception desk on your right.  Keep walking and go through the glass doors.  Stop right as you walk through those doors with the stone planters in front of you and another glass door on your left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight. Pass the glass table with the white chairs then turn left and go into that hallway then turn left and stop at that doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and enter the dining room. Walk across the dining room, then exit through the doorway on the left. Turn to the left, then stop at the entrance of the empty room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through entryway into dining room with the beige chairs and glass table. After you pass the table, turn left and go through doorway. Take the first left and wait in doorway of bathroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head down the stairs to the doorway on the right.  Go toward the kitchen sink.  Turn right and go through the doorway.  Stop with the wine fridge and counter top on the left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 continue down the stairs and through the doorway on your right. Walk past the stove towards the sink and turn right. Walk through the doorway onto the brick floor and stop once you reach the rug. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go downstairs and go through the door on your right into the kitchen.  Walk to the sink and turn right to go into another room.  Stop once you reach the rug in the room. 
759xd9YjKW5 walk around the bed, take a right. Walk to the doorway, take a right. Walk past the staircase, stop in front of the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk across the bedroom and out the door, turning right. Walk past the stairs to wait in the doorway directly across from you. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the arch on the right. After this turn right  pass the stairs and turn right into that small hallway. Wait by the door that leads to the green bathroom. 
JF19kD82Mey walk down the hallway to the right of the stairs, through the doorway and turn left past the bed. Stop in front of the bathtub. 
JF19kD82Mey Pass the stairs and go down the hallway all the way down until you to a room with a bed. Turn left and pass the bed. Wait near the tub in the bathroom. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk past the stairs and along the path. Go through the door and into the bedroom. Go stand next to the bathtub. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit study and walk across dining room to hallway with closets. Stop at closets. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ After you leave the office you need to walk to the doorway of the entryway across the hall. You need to wait inside the entryway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go toward the stairs past some bookshelves. Go straight across the room past a wooden valet, and stop when you can see down a hall into a bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM After you go up the stairs turn slightly left and go right between the fake sink and the marble pot. Turn left into that hallway and then turn right and go into the bedroom. Pass the bed then go left into the bathroom. Wait by the white chair. 
2n8kARJN3HM Head between the white drinking fountain and the floor decoration. Make a left and go down the hallway. Enter the first bedroom on the right. Walk past the bed and into the bathroom. Stop by the towel rack. 
2n8kARJN3HM walk towards the faucet sculpture, continue past it on left side and walk to the right of the marble cylinder to the doorway. Walk through the doorway to the right of the long rug, around the foot of the bed, and through the doorway on the left. Stop in front of the towel rack. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn right and exit the room out the curtains. Once out turn left and go through the white door and down to the end of the hallway. At the end turn right and enter the bedroom. Stop at the door looking in. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bedroom and walk down the hall. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall on the right. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and walk between the end of the bed, on the right, and the small sitting area, on the left.  Walk out the doorway between the brown curtains and go out the door on the left.  Walk straight down the hallway past the small lit Christmas tree on the left. Keep walking straight to the end of the hall and then turn right into the bedroom.  Stop when you just enter the room with the bed in front of you. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk down hall to dining room, continue to living room stop behind leather couch. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go down the hallway and continue through the arches.l Go passed the table and to the right and then continue forward until you reach the back of the brown couch. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and walk down the hall.  Then walk around the kitchen Island and enter the dinning room area.  Stand near the sofa. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the closet into the bedroom, turn right and right again into the hallway. Cross the hall, angling slightly left, and enter the laundry room. Stop near the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the closet then turn right and go out the door on the right and turn slightly left to to into the room straight ahead then stop by the laundry room sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the closet, then exit the bedroom. Move into the laundry room across the hall and stop at the sink. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the room toward the hallway. Go past the stairs, continue down the hallway. Pass a black and gold painting on the wall then turn left and left again to go into the bathroom. Wait in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bedroom, continue left passed the stairway. Turn left at the hall opening, continue forward, turn right into the bedroom, turn left at the first door, continue into the bathroom until you reach the end of the open door, then stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit bedroom to hall left of stairs. Enter bedroom and immediately turn left into bathroom. Wait before toilet. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the room and left past the stairs. Walk into the bedroom. Turn left and walk down the hall. Walk past the chair and ottoman. Stop just outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bedroom and follow the hallway to the left.  Enter the master bedroom and walk to the edge of the sliding patio door. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bedroom, walk into the hall to the left of the stairs and continue into the bedroom. Walk onto the balcony and stop before the brown sofa. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left and go straight until you pass the bar with the chair stools and wait near the round table with the chairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go left down hall and continue to kitchen. Stop between 2 couches. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the stairs and enter the open room.  Walk past the four bar stools and stop after passing the last one. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit office, turn right. At exit sign turn right. Turn left at open door and wait next to long table and chairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and turn right. Go to the end of the hall and turn right. Wait inside the first door on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office and go down the hallway to the right. Turn right again.  Go down the hall and go into the open conference door on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and walk through double doors at the other end of the living room. Wait in the doorway next to the elephant picture. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room using the door on the far right then head straight until you get to the double door son the left. Exit that room and then turn right and wait by the small brown piece of furniture and the black statue on the ledge. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn to your left. Exit the door on the right. Walk through the room towards the dark wood doors with glass windows. Exit the doors and stop facing the small table and black statue on the shelf. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go straight all the way down until you get to a room with a red comforter. U turn right and then turn left and go into the bathroom. Stand near the sink. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go to the steel chairs. Go to the bedroom door. Go to the lamp. Go to the shelf. Go to the desk. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk toward the front door. Walk past the door, and enter the bedroom. Take a right and enter the bathroom. Stop behind the black bench. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the stairs and into the kitchen. Continue forward past the sink and stove. Wait just inside the formal dining room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the stairs and into the kitchen.  Walk through the kitchen and enter the room on the left that is a dining room.  Stop just before walking on the carpet. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Pass the stairs and go straight to the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and out the doorway straight ahead(not the one on the right) then wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom towards the bedroom, then continue to the right to exit the bedroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit bathroom to bedroom.Turn right and enter hall from bedroom. Stop in hall on door mat. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom then turn right and go out the bedroom door on your right then stop in the hallway by the hanging painting with the girl on the swing. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the half bath, then turn left down the hallway. Continue forward until you can turn right through the double doors to your right. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom, and make a left. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Make a right just before the vase of flowers on the hall table. Wait at the white built-in closets. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave restroom into hallway. Turn left and walk straight to plant on table. Turn right and stop at closet doors next to large chair. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the theater and continue forward taking a slight jog to the right, pass the kitchen on the right, pass the bathroom on the left, then enter the room on the left just past the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room and go down the hallway. After you pass the five pink paintings on the wall turn left and wait by the dining room table and chairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn to the right and walk through the doorway. Continue to walk straight down the hall and when you reach the couch take a left. Wait by the table. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk along the path with the guardrail to your right. At the end of the hall, stop in the doorway of the bedroom on the right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va face the railing,turn left and walk down the hall, pass a closet on your right and stand in the doorway to a bedroom on your right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk down the hallway, past the stairway banister. Walk past the double closet doors, and then wait in the threshold of the open door on the right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk up the stairs. Take a sharp left. Walk behind the stairs and take a left. Wait in the laundry room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Head upstairs and turn sharp left. Walk through the landing to the door on the left. Wait in the laundry room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go up the stairs, turn left, and continue walking. Walk over the black rug, turn left into the room with the washer and dryer. Stop just before reaching the washer and dryer. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go down the hall to the first doorway on the left and stop in the sitting area in front of the door. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the office room, make a quick left and wait near the black leather bench, located on your left. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the room and turn left. Go into the room with stairs. Stop between the large wooden door and the seating area. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk away from the fireplace, between the flower and side table towards the bar, turn right and walk past the back of the couch next to bar, follow the bar and curve to the left so you are in front of the mirror, walk through the doorway to the right of the pool table, enter the bathroom and stop in front of the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk around the couch and head left, past the counter.and chairs. Go into the bathroom on the right and wait by the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk from bar to billiard's room, turn right and enter bathroom. Stop in front of sink. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk across bedroom to door on the left. Stop in hallway with bathroom to your right. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the green bench, to the left side of the bed and exit the room, through the door on the left, stop once you are out of the room. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go by the painting and straight through the doorway on your left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk down hall to exit sign. Turn right and stop at sink. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn left to walk down the hall toward the exit. Wait in the last doorway on the right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj With the handrail to your left, move down the hallway towards the exit sign at the end. Stop at the entrance to the room just prior to the exit sign. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go through the doors passed the bar and then to the left by the table and go straight. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the closet toward the kitchen and go through the kitchen until you get to the table with chairs. When you pass the table wait there by the beige couches that are facing the fireplace. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the pantry and go through the kitchen to the dining area. Stop in the archway at the end of the dining area. 
EDJbREhghzL Go left in the hallway then go up the stairs on the left and wait on the second step. 
EDJbREhghzL Go passed the chair and to the left and then turn right and then go to the stairs and stop on the second stair. 
EDJbREhghzL After you leave the sitting area you need to make a left in the hallway and walk to the stairs. When you get to the stairs walk to the second step and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Take a slight left. Walk into large area with tables. Stop by table with black chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk pas the table and to the left. Walk past the desk and stop by the white shelf. 
ZMojNkEp431 Stand between the white shelf and the long wooden table that has black, tan, and white chairs and is empty aside from a single plant. 
759xd9YjKW5 face the treadmill, walk thought the doorway on the left, walk past the table and turn right walk through the doorway on the left and stop in front of the phone. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit exercise room to kitchen, turn right into hallway and stop at phone on wall. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn left and exit out the door beside the TV to the left. Walk into the kitchen and go towards the right. Stop facing the 2 large double cabinets at the end of the kitchen to your right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Head to the right past the reception desk, down the hallway and stop at the end, inside the double glass doors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk toward the Lioness display next to the reception desk.  Walk straight down the hallway past three large stone vases to the double doors at the end of the hallway.  Stop inside the double doors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past and to the left of the front desk. Walk down the hallway. Stop just past the double glass doors. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Enter house and turn left. Walk across living room to washing machine and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ walk through the doorway to the left of the chairs, continue straight past the appliances and fridge, stop in front of the washer and dryer. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk into the house and past the oven. Stop in front of the washer and dryer. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through a door and through the exercise area, and out the door. Wait in the hallway. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then turn right and head into the door that is to the left of the picture frame on the wall. Wait there in the entrance. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the massage room, turn right, go to third door. Enter the sauna room and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight into the third room starting from the left and stop when you go into the closet on the left. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward toward the door directly left of the plant. Walk into the bedroom. Take a slight left. Walk into the closet. Wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk froward and enter the room to the left of the stairs. In the room take a left and enter the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk out of the under stairs, and take a right. Enter the bathroom throuhg the door second on the right. Stop once you are past the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk toward the couch and turn right. Walk into the second door on the right and stop just inside the bathroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Take a right past the guitar and go to the bathroom that is the second door on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk towards the refrigerator and then turn right.  Walk past the dining table and enter the bedroom at the end.  Walk through the bedroom past the bed and tub and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk to the left of the long table, toward the living area. Turn into the bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Pass the dining room table then go through the door on the left. Pass the bed and the tub and go to the door straight ahead. Wait near the toilet. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the room through the swinging doors. Enter the bedroom on the right and stop in front of the bed. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk through the white swinging doorway across form the sitting area. Take a right into the bedroom. Stop next to the blue wicker chair at the foot of the bed. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Head toward the stairs when you pass the stairs go into the room on your right and then turn right and go into the bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk past the set of chairs and up the stairs. Walk past the stairs and turn right into the kitchen. Stop in front of the stove. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk straight across and up the steps and enter the house. Once inside turn right and walk towards the glass windows. Once you reach the kitchen, stop and turn and face the entire kitchen area while still seeing out the glass windows. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the four steps and through the door that has the welcome mat. Go straight and turn right. Wait by the stove in the kitchen area. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Move slightly to the right around the table. Walk forward. Walk forward. Walk slightly to the left around the table and walk forward. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past all the round tables and stop to the left of the last one. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk to the end of the patio, towards the gazebo and wait by the last table. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Pass the bed and exit then pass the tv and wait there. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk out of the bedroom and stop in the hall near the exterior door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk past the foot of the bed towards the exit of the bedroom. Stop when there's a door opening directly in front of you and another one to your right just before exiting the room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk to the other side of the room and stop at the end of the couch facing the Walk the Line poster. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Head toward the white projector screen. Go down two steps and stand by the poster that says "Walk the Line". 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the aisle with the wall to your left until you're at the front of the theater. Then turn right and go to the right side of the theater until you're at the base of the stairs in the aisle leading out of the theater. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go through the door to the left, and go straight down the hallway. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk forward and exit through the far door on your left. Walk down the hall and stop with the fire extinguisher on your left before you reach the main entrance. 
PuKPg4mmafe Exit through doorway directly left of the Ballroom. Walk down corridor. Take a slight left. Stop when Main Restaurant becomes visible. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o walk through the doorway between the wood tables, continue past the bar and towards the left at the cigar case. Walk down the hallway and stop in the middle of the black bench. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go into the building through the set of double doors nearest to you, then continue forward and to the left under the stairs. Turn further left and head towards the door leading outdoors and stop in front of the bench before reaching the door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go indoors and head straight then after you pass the bar turn left and wait by the black bench on our right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit dressing room to lobby on the left. Walk across lobby to a room with five candles on your right. Stop at candles. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Head out of the woman's room and into the main lobby where the 'Thalgo' sign is located. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room then turn left and head down the hall until you get to a large vase with grey rocks inside. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk next to the pool with the pool on your left hand side.  When you get to the bar with the sink in it, turn right and stop by the L-shaped table with the single wooden chair. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Turn towards your left and walk along the edge of the pool. Once you reach the other side of the room turn right. Head towards the desk and then stop behind the desk facing the 3 steps. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Cross the patio and wait at the far end of the steps. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the closet in turn left. Walk past the bathroom and stop by the desk. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet and turn left. Head down the hallway until you get to a bedroom and stand by the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the walk in closet and turn left to go down the hallway, passing the bathroom on your left and entering the bedroom at the end of the hallway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down stairs, and past the console table on the right. Walk down stairs, into the great room. Make a right at the bottom of the stairs, and walk past the bar. Make a right in front of the pool table, and wait at the threshold of the bathroom door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs and to the living room. Turn right and go to the entrance to the pool room. Turn right and at the entrance to the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the stairs and go past the statue to go down some more stairs into a room with two white couches.  Go to the right towards the pool table.  Stop in front of the bathroom to the right of the pool table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn towards the table and exit out the door to the left behind the table. Keep going straight past the couches and the bar. Stop when you have reached the end of the bar and are facing outside. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the dining room and across the hall. Wait at the other end of the kitchen near the exterior door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward toward the dining able, and exit through the archway. Go into the kitchen straight across. Walk forward toward the table, and bench. Stop before you reach the bench. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the desk towards the stairs.  Stop in front of the stairs but stay facing a seating area. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom then turn right then turn right again and wait by the stairs leading up. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn right to exit the room. Turn right at the table to walk towards the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk down the hallway and turn right. Wait near the entrance to the bathroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and walk down the hallway. Then turn to your right and stop by the bathroom door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk straight down the hallway, take a right at the first doorway and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit office to hall turn right, go into office on the left and stop next to black chair. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the doorway and go to the left and continue down the hallway until you get to the door on your left and enter the room and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office and turn right. Pass the exit sign and head straight until you get to office #308. Go into that office and wait by the round table. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk toward the table and chairs, and turn left through the door way.  Walk straight through the doorway and walk through the massage room.  Walk through the door on the right and in the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Go passed the stairs to your left and go through the brown archway, go into the first room on your left, go through the room and go into the room on the right and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the stairs and into the hallway ahead. Enter the first room on the left and walk through the room, past the massage tables and to the door ahead. Wait just inside the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around and walk between the staircase on your left and round foyer table on your right, through the foyer to the door outside.  Walk outside towards the outdoor sitting area and go around to the right.  Go a few feet down the walkway and stop when you are in front on the first window on your right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Pass the stairs and the round table and go out the large double doors that lead to the patio. When you see the patio table and chairs turn right and wait there in the deck. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk towards the round table, walk past the table to the front door, exit the home and walk to the right side of the chairs. Walk past the dog statue and stop at the first window. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hall and up three stairs, stopping in the doorway near some water. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and turn right. Go up the three steps and turn right. Wait by the glass door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out the door and turn right. Walk up the steps and then turn right and stop in the doorway ahead. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn right into the hallway. Take the first door on the left into the living area. Walk forward through the door to the bathroom. Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn and go down the hallway towards the nook with the statue of the two dog.  Go through the doorway across from the statue. Head straight into the bathroom and stop in front of the counter. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn left and walk through the sitting area and enter the bath room.  Wait near the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the three steps then go past the stairs and turn left into the hallway go down all the steps and go straight until you get to a large room with couches and a fireplace. Wait there. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave sitting room going up steps towards entry way. Walk across entry way taking stairs leading down. Go down stairs and walk towards siting area with bar. Stop before rug. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn left and walk through the foyer. Then walk down the stairs to the main living room. Wait by the base of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down a long hall with a rug and pictures on either side. Go right into a bedroom and keep going to the bathroom door. Wait there. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the hallway then before you get to the stairs turn right and go into the room then turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and head down the long hallway with the long rug. Before you reach the stairs, turn and enter the bedroom on your right. Once you enter the bedroom head right and then stop while facing the sink and mirror. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room and turn right. Go into the dining room and pass the table and chairs head straight out of the room using the door on the left. Wait in the living room by the red couches. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right until you face an opening to the dinning room with the kitchen on the left. Walk into the dinning room and along the left hand wall until you reach the door leading into the living room. Walk into the living room near the fireplace on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM take a step into the kitchen and turn right and walk into the dining room, turn left and walk in between the table and wooden dresser, walk through the doorway and stop before you reach the carpet. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room by the door to the left of the bed and enter the linen closet on the right hand wall just past the bathroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room then turn right on the second door and wait in the closet. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and walk forward toward the first doorway on your right.  Stop inside the door way. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left and go down the hallway and turn right then go down that hall until you get to a candy cane striped chair. Head up the four steps on the left and then go up two steps on the right and stop there. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk towards long red rug and turn left through doorway, Walk through doorway and turn right and proceed down that long red rug. Once you reach a red striped chair on your left, make your way to the white marble stairs. Go up them and take the red carpeted staircase on your right. Stop on the second step. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk toward the long table and turn left to go through the open double doors.  Go through that doorway and turn right to go down another hallway.  Walk forward until you reach the marble stairs and walk up those stairs.  Go to the staircase on the right and stop on the second stair. 
ac26ZMwG7aT walk through the sliding glass door to the right of the dining table, continue straight but slightly right and walk into the bedroom, continue straight past the bed and turn left, walk into the doorway of the bathroom and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Enter the building through the sliding glass door and walk straight ahead into the bedroom. Wait in the doorway to the en suite bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Enter the building through the sliding glass door and walk forward into the bedroom.  Go to the very back of the room by the window and turn left and stop inside the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Finish exiting the room and turn left. Then turn right and go straight toward the round rug. After you pass the round rug turn right into the office and wait by the couch. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn to your right and enter the hallway. Then turn right again and walk through the foyer. Then enter the den. Stop near the desk. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk left out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk right past the front door and walk into the study. Stop in front of the desk. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go into the bathroom that is through the small seating area with brown couch and chairs, across from the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom and turn right heading into the living room. Walk past the 'zebra" striped chair and into the other bathroom.  Stop by the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom and walk right.  Turn right again and go into the sitting room.  Walk around the gold footstool and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the sink. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk across room to opening on the left. Wait at 3 chairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past the column and then in front of the table and chairs to the right. Continue through the left double door and wait in the middle of the long, red rug. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk toward the roped off seating area. Walk to the door behind the chairs on the right hand side of the roped off seating area. Walk through the door and to fireplace with a mirror above it. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk across the sitting area and stop by the sliding glass doors that lead to the pool. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk over to the left side of the room. Stop while facing the large glass doors leading outside and the kitchen. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the couches and coffee table. Wait by the glass doors on the left leading outside. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk into the dinning room and turn left. Then walk through the kitchen and stop near the kitchen table. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go straight and turn right into the kitchen. Pass the fridge and the oven and wait by the dining room table with the black chairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk into the dining room then through the kitchen.  Stop at the larger dining table. 
82sE5b5pLXE Proceed to the left of the coffee table and go forward across the rug towards the fireplace.  Turn right once the front of the fireplace is reached and go towards the open sliding glass door and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk over the carpet and turn right at the fireplace and walk towards the door going outside.  Stop just before going through the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE walk away from the purple couch, through the middle of the four similar chair, turn right and walk past the floor lamp and dining table, stop at the doorway to the outside. 
JeFG25nYj2p Pass a small closet down a long hallway, and stop at the end of the hallway after you pass a bathroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go straight down the hall until you get to a bedroom then stop by the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the hallway. and stop near the desk and bed,. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go down the stairs. Walk toward the kitchen area. Turn right. There are 5 doorways here. Go through the very middle one into the empty room. Stop a couple of feet inside of that room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk down the stairs and turn right at the couch. Take a right into the middle room on the right. Wait in this room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk past the couch and into the hallway. Walk into the third door from the right and stop just inside the doorway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk toward the pool and turn right. Walk down the path and into the house. Turn left and stop just inside the doorway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk down concrete path, at T turn right and enter house. Turn left into bedroom. Wait next to TV. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and take a right. Walk through the open doorway. Take a left and wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the room out the glass door to your right. Once out, turn left and head towards the door leading out. Stop right outside when you exit through the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit bedroom to entry and turn left. Go through glass door and stop next to red art piece. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the room using the door on your left then head straight until you get to a large room then turn left and head out that glass door. Wait by the red statue. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk around couch to kitchen. Stop between dining table and kitchen counter. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk around the sofa and stop between the round table and the dining table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk toward the kitchen then stop right by the bar with the black stools. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk past the couch and across the room. Walk through the third doorway from the left. Stop just inside the doorway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn right to face the end of the yellow kitchen with a set of stairs on the right and a table on the left. Walk past the kitchen to the collection of doors at the end of the house. Walk though the door in the middle that has two pictures above it. The door leads to an empty room with a single window. 
29hnd4uzFmX walk straight away from the door to the outside, past the kitchen on the left and stairs on the right, walk into the room straight ahead and stop once you make it in the room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past TV. Exit bedroom, and walk past chair on the right. Make a right at the end of the hallway. Make a right through the open french doors. Wait in the threshold of the open doors. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the bedroom and walk right past the chair. Turn right and stop just outside the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the room and after you pass the black chair turn right then go out the large glass door on your right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk past the refrigerator and the dining table and stop just before the staircase that leads up. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn left and walk towards the refrigerator, Turn left to walk past the refrigerator and keep walking past the long table. Stop right before you get to the stairs on your right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk between the trash can and the dishwasher on your left. Pivot and begin moving left. Move forward until you're even with a chair on the right. Continue moving forward until you reach the glass wall. Remain here. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk down the hall with the bathroom on your left. Go down the small set of two stairs. Stop next to the closest black chair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn around and walk down the mini stairs. Stop near the chair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk down the marble hallway, straight down the stairs and stop next to the chair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn left. Wait next to the chair with the white cushions to the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn toward the left then walk forward keeping the table on your right. Once past the table keep going forward a few more steps and halt next to the chair with white cushions. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the black table and chairs and stand by the first white chair that is facing the rectangular coffee table and checkered couches. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go check on the bathroom with the marble top sink that is located next to a large open closet. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk up the three steps in the hall next to the gym area. Take the first right in the hallway just before the next three steps. Stop in front of the bathroom doorway. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the three steps and go straight until you get to another three steps. Don't go up those steps, but go into the room on the right and stop there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go in between the office divider which will be on your right and the glass wall which will be on your left. Following that, go forward until you see a wheelchair on your right and wait near the white dry erase board. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk along glass wall to room with wheelchair. Stop between wheel chair and whiteboard. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head down the line of windows with the frosted glass. Stop next to the wheelchair. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the dining room and behind the dining room chairs. Walk past the island into the hallway and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight then turn right and head toward the glass dining room table with the fancy chairs pass the table go straight into the hallway right next to the kitchen and wait near the glass door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and enter hallway, then turn right again and walk into the next room past the kitchen and stop next to the thermostat. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go through the doorway by the pictures of the New York Yankees player. go into the living and stop by the tan support column. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 You need to leave the movie room and go across the hall into the living room and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the room using the door on your right then turn left and walk down the hallway until you get to the living room with tv and couches. Wait there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hallway with the brown wood tile. Go through the open doorway and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hall and to the left. Walk into the entryway on the right. Stop in front of the dining room table. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight through the hallway and then turn right and stop by the large table with the chairs and the black and white striped rug. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk across the balcony passing the stone sink on the left. Wait by the couches. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn left and walk straight. Wait next to the beige couch. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk forward across the deck, passing the sink on the left. Turn slightly left and wait near the massage tables. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk through the garage door and wait outside. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn around and walk through the garage and stand just outside the door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Cross the garage, passing the drop cloth and construction materials. Go through the door onto the deck and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight through hallway and turn left and stop on the third stair. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk directly forward down the corridor until you reach the staircase. Turn left. Walk up 3 steps. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the elevator then go left. Go up three steps of the stairs on the left and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the doorway next to the black and white art piece and into the hallway.  Take the first left in the hallway toward the bathroom, but stop outside the closet doorway on the left. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Head down the hallway. Near the end, stop in the alcove on the left outside the closet and bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the laundry room into the bedroom. Turn left and stop in the hallway. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down hallway to large entry way, walk into right hand entry and stop at fireplace. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn and enter the doorway on your left. Go down the short hallway and enter the room with the large stairway in it. Across the room, there will be two doors. Go into the one on the right, closest to the window. Take one step into the room and wait. 
VLzqgDo317F Stand with the ropes to your left and behind you and walk straight into the next room.  Walk past the marble columns and go through the doorway of the right, closest to the windows.  Stop after passing through this doorway and are near the fireplace. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight through the doorway and in to the hallway.  Turn left and go through another door. Cross the room passed the table and enter the doorway on the left. Then continue going straight through another set of doors until you reach a large room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk out the first door on the left. Turn left and walk into the room. Walk past the first table in the center. Turn left and go down the hallway. Walk into the room at the end of the hallway and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter hall and turn left to large room with a table in the middle. Walk across room and enter narrow hallway. Enter empty room and stop after taking 4 steps in. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the door you are facing. Walk straight across the room and through the doorway straight ahead. Stop once you are inside the large open room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With a door opening directly behind you and a door to your right and left, move forward into the room ahead of you. Continue to move forward past the open staircase to your left and pass through the double door opening directly ahead of you into the next room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk across room with grey carpet and enter room with red carpet. Stop in doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the tub and turn right. Walk out of the door and to the right of the pool table. Turn right and stop in the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom, pass the tub exit the room using the door on your right. Turn slightly right and pass the pool table. Pass a chair on your right and go into that door on your right. Wait at the entrance of the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd From the bathroom, exit the bathroom by walking around the left side of the bathtub and turn right at the end of the bathtub. Continue walking to the right end of the pool table and enter the small bathroom in the right corner of the room opposite the stairs leading down. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk straight along the path away from the plants, with the guardrail on your right. Go through the door straight ahead. Once inside, turn left. Stop next to the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk down porch to front door, enter house, turn left and stop at green counter top with sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn to the right and walk into the house. Turn left and wait by the sink. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office then turn left and then turn left in the hallway and head down the hallway until you get to a door on your left and go into office 359 then stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go out of the room and take a left. Go into the first room on your left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the office and take a left. Take the next left at the hallway. Walk down the hall and enter the first office on the left. Stop next to the door to office 359. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the stairs and down the hall. Walk into the doorway on the right and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk down the short flight of steps. Then turn left and ascend the set of stairs to the left. Walk down the hallway and enter the bathroom on the right and wait. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left and then left again. Go up the three steps and straight down the hallway then go right on the first door and wait by the sink. 
VLzqgDo317F Go down the hallway on the right.  Turn right and stop in front of the marble and gold coffee table. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn around so that you are facing the chandelier. Take your first right. Stop at the end of the hallway. Turn right. Stop in front of the coffee table. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right and go through the hallway until you get to a room with pink couches. Wait near the fireplace. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A exit massage room and turn left walk straight down hallway turn slight left in lounge room and enter the door on the left. stop between two benches. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk away from the bed and through the doorway, down the hallway to the left. There will be metal vine art hanging on the wall on the right. walk slightly to the right past three identical chairs and through the doorway on the left. Stop in front of the two mirrors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the massage room and walk to the hallway on the left. Walk to the end of the hallway and to the other side of the room. Wait in the men's locker area by the mirrors. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk out of the bedroom and into the living room, then walk straight until you get to the dining area and wait. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the bedroom, turn left and head forward past the living room area. Wait by the glass dining room table. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn left at the end of the bed and keep walking straight until you reach three bar stools at a bar.  Stop behind the last bar stool. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk down the staircase and turn left towards the pool table. Turn left again and walk through the double doors. Walk across the room towards the green chairs. Stop by the first leather armchair. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go down the stairs and take a hard left. Walk through the doors wait behind the large white pillar. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go to the bottom of the stairs and turn left. Go to the left side of the pool table. Go through the doorway across from the pool table. Go to the first pillar in the room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter between the curtains and through the large wooden door. Walk across the room in front of the chaise. Continue past the bed on the right and go through the middle door. Continue down the hall and wait in front of the rail. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room. Pass the blue couch and the bed exit that room and head straight out through the hallway. Wait by the top of the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter the living room, Walk towards the second door from the left, walk down the hall, and wait by the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH When you are standing at the top of the stairs make a right turn and walk to the hallway beside the other stairs. Next walk to the end of the hall into the doorway of the bedroom and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight toward the two round tables. When you get to the first round table make a right u turn and to into the room your left. Go straight into the room and wait near the bed. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Look in the direction of the stairs and across to the rightmost arched opening on the opposite side of the stairs. Go through that opening by walking to the left of the stairs. Continue straight through that passage way until you enter a large room. There will be a bed ahead of you and to your left. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk out of the door to the bedroom, turn right, walk down the hall, turn right again into the bedroom with the twin beds, turn left, and wait in front of the bathroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom into the hallway.  Turn right and walk down the hallway until you reach a door on the right.  Go into the room with two beds and walk around them until you reach the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway between the bedroom and bathroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk through bedroom and out the other door. Go down the hall to the next room on the right. Wait on the bed on the right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the room and walk straight down the hall. Wait in the entrance to the laundry room on the left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go indoors and straight through a black door and then go into the second door on your left and wait by the washer. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go into the hallway andgo nect to the washing machine and wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bathroom and go through the door opening across the hall, then turn right and head to the top of the stairs on your right. Take two steps down the stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bathroom and cross the hallway into the room opposite the bathroom. Turn right slightly and continue to the top of the stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the bathroom door. Go to the door hinges. Go to the wicker chair. Go to the stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go into the door to the left then go into the door on the right and wait at the bathroom entrance. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Enter the bedroom on the left and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ turn left to open door and enter bedroom, walk towards bed. At bed turn hard right and enter bathroom. Stop just inside with towel bar on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL exit bathroom to bedroom at bed turn left and walk into hallway. Stop at double doors on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom then when you get to the bedroom go out the door on your left and wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL You should leave the bathroom and go down the hallway to get to the bedroom. When you are in the bedroom take a left and walk out the door. You should wait just outside the bedroom doorway and beside a painting on each wall; there is also a doorway on the left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bedroom, walk through the door on the right, walk towards the kitchen, and wait. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk towards the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF With the beds to your left, move forward to exit the room, then turn right and go forward until you enter the kitchen. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn around 180 degrees walk down the hallway turn right into the entryway and stand in the big circle in front of the doors to the restaurant. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk straight down the hall and past the large glass windows. Wait on the large rug in front of the glass doors. 
PuKPg4mmafe walk straight down hallway , turn slight right towards entry door, stop on circle art on floor. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go into the dining room. Go to the China cabinet. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk straight across dinning room hall and stop before artwork on wall. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Facing the fireplace, turn right and go past the timber pillars. Continue until you're next to the wall in front of an abstract sculpture of wooden furniture pieces and hardware. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn left and walk down the hallway, then proceed down the next hallway. Then turn left again and walk forward and stop near the door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head down the hallway until you get to a hallway on the left and turn left then head down the hallway and turn into the first office on the right and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk down the hallway where the lights are faced the same way as the hall, walk past two doorways and turn left at the exit sign, stop in the first doorway on your right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn to your left and walk down the hall.  Then turn to your left and enter the laundry room. Stop near the washing machine. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go to the ship painting. Go to the patio doors. Go to the settee. Go to the open wood door. Go to the washer dryer. 
ac26ZMwG7aT While facing the windows, turn left and walk straight going past the entrance doors.  Keep going straight until you see windows similar to the original one and then go into the laundry room on the left.  Stop in front of the washing machine. 
V2XKFyX4ASd exit bedroom to main hall and turn right follow wood railings to the left turn left and walk in front of recliners  stop in front of door going into bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk through the door and to the right. Take a left and walk around the railings and past the couches and stop in the bedrooms doorway on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go out the bedroom door and stay left along the railing.  Go in front of the chairs and couches.  Turn right and stop at the entrance of a bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the kitchen, past the sink, then stop in the doorway of the room on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM walk slight left behind kitchen counter. Turn slight right and walk towards doorway. Stop in doorway next to counter. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go to the refrigerator. Go to the sink. Go to the dishwasher. Go to the dining room door. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk down the hallway directly in front of the front door and circle carpet, turn left at the end of the hall and right at the end of that hall and through the doorway to the bedroom. Continue straight past the bed, and stop once you are in front of the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and exit the room through the door on the left. Turn left and walk out into the hallway. Turn right and enter bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and into the bathroom. Stop once you are in front of the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go down the hall next to the frame that has a picture with words. Turn right and go into the bedroom. Wait by the bathroom door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the men's locker room and go through the doors on the left. Turn left and stop in the hallway through the double doors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go through the door way into the reception area and then through the double glass doors.  Go to the doorway to the left of the circle bar.  Go through the doorway and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn left, walk out of the door, approach the double doors and walk through them. When you get to the counter make another left and walk through the wooden doorway. Stop when you reach the hallway. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk through the bedroom and make a hard right and walk up the stairs. Wait on the rug next to the book shelves. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go out the doorway to the right of the bed and head up the stairs, stopping at the top. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 exit bedroom to the right and go up stairs. stop in the middle of red rug next to plant. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right. Walk in front of the windows all the way down to the door on the right. Exit through the door into the hallway. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the bathtub. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go right all the way down towards the wall. Take a right and ro towards the room with the tub. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Head toward the flat screen television on the wall, when you get to the tv turn right then turn left and go straight into the bathroom and wait by the tub. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the laundry room and turn left. Pass the dining room table and turn left. Wait by the fridge. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit laundry room to hallway and turn left. Walk into dining room. Walk left stopping next to dishwasher in kitchen. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk to the wooden floors and take a left. Walk into the kitchen and wait in front of the refrigerator. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go to the magazine rack. Go to the plant. Go to the standing lamp. Go to the pencils. Go to the tubes. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right, walk towards the stairs, turn right, walk along the table, turn right, walk past the table, turn left, walk through the doorway, and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Facing away from the door to the outside, turn left towards the stairs, turn right towards the back of the building, continue forwards on the left side of the table and chairs, turn left into small room, continue into room and behind the table and chairs, head towards opening on the right, stop in doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go to the oven. Turn left and go to the refrigerator. 
8WUmhLawc2A Stand in front of the silver refrigerator. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go into the kitchen and wait by the fridge. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk past the chairs and out of the cellar. Walk up the carpet stairs all the way, and turn left. Continue past the two couches, two chairs and up three of the four steps. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the wine cellar and turn left and go up the stairs. When you get up to the top turn left and go up three steps then stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit wine cellar to stairs, go up stairs. At the top of the stairs turn left and go into the room with a small table and chairs. Stop at table and chairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk into the laundry area, turn left, walk past the kitchen, and wait outside. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bathroom, turn left and walk through the kitchen out the door, wait near the chair on the patio. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Leave the bathroom and turn left.  Walk through the kitchen and stop in the doorway going to the porch.  It is where the two mats meet. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Enter the doorway and turn left at the water fountain. Turn left and continue to the double wooden doors on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o go straight down hallway and turn right into main entrance. Turn slight left next to table and walk right towards stairs. Turn left at stairs into double doors, stop in double doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around. Go forward towards water fountain. In front of water foundation, turn right and go through doorway. Move to forward towards the left between the 2 tables. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right and go up the steps. Walk to the right behind the 2 desks. Stop when reach the long wooden table beside the ping pong table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go up the stairs on the right side of the small blackboard then walk straight to the table in the center of the room. After you are at the table walk to the office chair in front of the computer; then walk straight back past the hallway on the right. When you get to the long table behind of the ping pong table stop and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Head up the stairs, go straight past the first two tables and stop at the third table. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk down the hallway, through the doorway of the room.  Keep walking down the hall with the half wall on your right and the pictures hanging on the wall to your left.  At the end of the half wall turn right and stop at the top of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk straight down the hallway and turn right. Stop in front of the doorway beside the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk straight down the hallway in front of you. Turn right and stop at the stop of the stairs. Face the room and the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go down the hallway and turn left when you get to a door. Pass one pot with a plant and before you get to the second one turn left on the second entrance. Pass the table and chairs and turn right. Head into the living room and wait by the fireplace. 
759xd9YjKW5 Keeping the light switch to your right, move forward on to the stone floor. Remaining on the stone floor, pivot to the left and continue to move onward. Walk past the two butter churns on the left, then again veer to the left. Enter the dining room and traverse it, keeping to the right side of the table. On your right is a doorway to the living room. Advance until you're even with the corner of the cabinet on your left. Remain standing here. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk out of the small room, into the hallway with the brick floor.  Walk down the brick hallway, past the wooden equipment and turn left into the dining room. Walk past the dining room table and turn right into the next room.  Stop and wait in the next room, next to a tall cabinet and the fireplace. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Stop on the doormat of the doors to exit this room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Pass the fireplace then turn right head straight until you get to double doors that lead to a room with a pool table on your right. Wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Move forward until you are past the couch. Turn right. Go forward until you reach the door on the right at the end of the hall. Go to the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p enter hallway and turn left. continue straight into livingroom. Stop at bookcase. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk to the black tile border, and make a left. Walk down the hallway, past the zebra painting. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Walk through the open french doors, and wait at the thermostat on the wall to the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Enter the black bordered hallway. Turn left and go down the hall. Go through the wooden double doors and wait at the entrance. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the home theatre, and walk past the bathroom.Wait at the fireplace in the tv room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 exit theater room up steps into hall. Turn slight left into living room, stop at couch. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk away from the screen, up the two small carpet stairs and exit the movie room through the double doors. walk straight towards the couch and stop on the hardwood floor to the right of the couch before you reach the rug. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 You need to go down the hallway and into the room with the dinning table on the left. When you are in the room turn right and walk towards the back room. Next to the room and on the right there is a hallway, go into the hall and wait by the outside door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into the foyer. Go through the archway on the right heading towards the patio. Stop in front of the patio doors. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into living room. Turn right and walk into archway next to chair. Stop at tall planter with plant. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the hall. Go down a few steps and wait on the stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the hallway and down four steps. Wait there. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the hall, down the first set of stairs, and wait. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down steps, turn left and follow steps to entry way. Turn hard right and enter go down stairs. Walk straight into dining room. Stop at picture on wall to the right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the stairs.  At the landing, turn toward the front door and keep going down the stairs to the foyer.  Facing the front door, turn right and go down the stairs that are to the right, before the doorway of the living room.  At the bottom of those stairs, keep walking forward, passing the hall table and mirror on your left.  Walk into the dining room and stop just as you enter the room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Descend the remainder of the stairs, keep advancing until your even with a plant on the right. Change your direction of travel, and head left down the remaining stairs. Pivot to the right and advance to the doorway. Take a sharp right turn and walk forward down those stairs. Advance into your position until you are next to the small table on the left. Go forward into the dining room then halt in this area. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter house and walk across room between kitchen and living room. Stay lefto of the stairs and walk through opening. Stop outside on door mat on top of the stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter home and walk past kitchen on left. Walk past stairs, and exit home. Wait on welcome mat. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go inside and past the kitchen toward the stairs.  Go past the stairs and through the doorway back outside.  Stop on the outside doorstep. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk through the doorway to exit the closet, turn left and continue to the hardwood floor, walk past the staircase and turn left, continue straight past the chair and through the doorway to the bedroom, turn left and stop when you walk into the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room. Turn left. Pass the staircase and walk along forward. Pass the picture frames on the wall, and keep walking to enter another room that is straight ahead. Enter the room, and turn left to the bathroom, and stop there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the pantry and turn left. Walk to the other side of the landing into the bedroom. Wait in the en suite bathroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk towards the chair at the end of the long table. Turn right and begin walking towards the brick wall. Walk until you have reached the vase of white flowers and stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk towards the windows and go right.  Stop in front of the white flowers near the couch. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Make a hard right. Keep walking. Then turn right and stop at the table with white flowers. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk out of the office into the great room.  Keep walking forward, past the staircase on your right and the dining table on your left, toward the kitchen.  Go through the doorway with the kitchen counter on your left and walk towards the island.  At the island turn left and walk through the kitchen towards the kitchen table.  Stop when you enter that part of the room, before you get to the kitchen table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk out of the office. Walk straight and through the doorway that leads to the kitchen. Take a left at the kitchen island and wait on the rug just ahead. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit office, go passed the black table on the left, go into the kitchen area, turn left and go into the dining room, then stop next to the television. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight and then go left into the room with the number 1 sign.  Go around the staircase and stop in the tiled laundry room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the closet, turn left. Pass the stairs and turn left. When you see the Paris painting go into the second door on the far left and wait by the washer and dryer. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the closet of my dreams.  Then turn left and enter the hallway with the stair well.  Walk around the stairs, past the chair and enter the laundry room. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk down porch slightly left to front door. Enter door and turn left, walk forwar 3 steps, stop before piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk along the walkway and enter the building. Wait at the bottom of the steps across from the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk forward on the pathway passing two cactus plants on your right. Continue walking  the path until you reach a door. Enter this door. Continue into the doorway. Take an immediate left when entering the doorway and walk down two low stairs to reach the location. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk across the room and hallway, past the stairs and wait in the doorway to the kitchen. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk across living room behind couch walk slight let towards stairs, continue straight into dining room, stop before table and kitchen. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk to the end of the white couch and turn slightly right to face three pictures hanging on the wall near the entrance way. Turn left to face a stone wall in front of a set of stairs. Walk towards and past the stairs until you come to an opening leading to a dinning room table. Walk into the room. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom exit bathroom to main entrance. turn slight left into hallway, turn right into open door stopping at steps. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Keep walking straight out the door you are facing and straight across the next room and enter the hallway and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit the bathroom and head straight across the room past a couch and mirrors, enter the door on your right and wait near the stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Enter the door and turn right passing the wall. Turn right again, and stop at the bathroom entrance door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn left, walk through the doorway, turn right, walk towards the wall, turn left, and enter the bathroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go into the room, turn right and then turn right again and go into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Facing the door to the outside, turn 90 degrees to the left, then go forward and to the left. Move forward past the dinning table on your left. Then after passing the 2nd chair on your right, turn right and step into the hallway, stopping at the door to your right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go in and pass the table with the hanging chandelier. Turn right on the first door you see and wait by the door on your right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go though the opening to your left and walk through the room with the table and chairs. Walk through the first door on your right and stop to the right once you enter the room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out the bathroom door and turn to the right. Walk past the kitchen until you see the dining room table. Walk through the doorway that is to the left of the dining room table and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go out of the bathroom and turn right. Go past the kitchen and go left and wait by the first column. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bathroom and turn right. Pass the kitchen and turn left. Wait right there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the kitchen, turn left and exit the doors that lead to the patio outside, wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn facing the stainless steel refrigerator and exit the building via the double doors ahead and towards the left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and head towards the refrigerator. Turn left and walk forward to the door going outside on the right.  Turn and stop in the doorway facing the pool. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and walk past the bath tub, move up the stairs and take a right towards the second set of stairs. Walk up them and stop at the top. 
2n8kARJN3HM Head up the stairs and around the tub.  Go up the steps and head toward the stairs.  Go up the stairs and stop in front of the door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the two steps, walk past the bathtub on your left hand side, and exit the room by the doorway that is to the right of the three chairs on the pedestal.  Go up the two steps there, and make a right.  Go up the flight of stairs and stop on the landing by the door to the outside. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go all the way down the hall way, pass the top of the stairs and wait by the patio sliding door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Continue straight down hallway to open door to outside. Stop just before going outside. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the hallway to the door leading outside to the deck.  Stop in front of the painting, a few steps away from the door to the deck. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go out of the room and make a left, go the the doorway and then make an immediate right passed the couches on the left, head towards the center table then stop and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk away from the couch through the double glass doors and to the left. Once in the room with white couches turn right to walk next to the couches towards the dining table. Stop right after you walk past the couches and chairs, before the circular table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the office and take a left. Take a right behind the couch in the living room. Stop before you pass the round rug on your left between the rug and curtain. 
8WUmhLawc2A Step forward towards the same closet door.  Step through the doorway and enter the laundry room then turn to your right. Proceed forward and enter the small hallway and then turn to your left.  Step for into the kitchen. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk straight towards the laundry room, turn right, walk through the doorway, turn left, and enter the dining room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the closet by walking between the hanging shirts on your left and the cabinet to the right. Bearing to the right enter the hallway and then turn left. Take several steps forward until you're even with the dark wood wall on your left and stop and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the bathroom and stop right outside of the bathroom door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the shower and turn left.  Proceed forward until you enter the bedroom. Wait by the chair. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk to the right side of the bathroom and exit the wood door past the sinks. Stop right outside of the wood door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go down the long hallway toward the exit sign.  Stop just before the exit sign, when a fire extinguisher is on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs With your back towards the window with the sign starting "For new business opportunities, ...", go forward past four offices on your left and wait in front of the fire extinguisher on your right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to the "Exit" sign and wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and enter the house. Go down the hallway. When you reach the open room with all the couches , turn right. Keep walking towards the large table beside the door leading outside. Stop right before you reach the middle table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk down the hallways into the living room and make a right at the couch heading towards the table in the middle of the room with the plant. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the garage and go straight when you get to a room with beige sofas. Turn right and pass the beige sofas and stand near the round table with the clear vase that has green plants. 
dhjEzFoUFzH go forward to the end of the first bench. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn left and walk across the back of the building behind the rows of benches. Wait by the marble pool. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk towards the closest doorway around the column near you. Continue past the turnstyle gate and approach the sculpture that looks like a tiny building with a cross opening near the roof. Approach the white sign in the placard. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn towards your right. Walk into the bedroom door at the end of the hallway. Turn to your right and walk into the bathroom. Stop inside the door facing the bathtub and the glass windows. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk int bedroom, turn right into bathroom and stop next to sink at left. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk straight into the room and turn right then turn right again and wait by the sink. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Take the object off of the shelf and walk towards the living room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the closet towards the kitchen and turn left, walk past the stove and island and turn left. Walk between the table on your right and small couch on the left towards the staircase, Turn left and another left through the glass door to the wine room and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go down the hall into the kitchen and turn right. Continue to the living room, and immediately turn left. Then, turn right again and stop at the doorway to the bodega. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bathroom, turn right, walk past the dining room, walk through the doorway and wait in front of the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head into the hallway and turn right.  Go through the room with white furniture.  Head through the doorway and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right into doorway Walk straight across dining room into next  hallway. stop at door to right and hallway to the left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn to your right and walk through the door. Keep walking straight and stop in front of the lockers. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk straight into door on the left, continue into bathroom straight stop at set of 4 lockers on your right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk away from the circular desk, down the hallway on the left. Proceed past the water machine and lockers. There will be a long mirror hanging on the right and stop right past the mirror. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward past the couch. Enter the second door from the left which is the entry way. Stop in the doorway to the entryway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn left and look at the painting. Turn right and move forward past the guitar and keep going through the hallway entrance to wait in front of the brown wooden door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go past the stairs, and a guitar and go into the middle doorway.  Stand in the doorway facing an empty room with a door at the other end. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go around the couch and up the wooden stairs. Turn left and head up the stairs.  Stop before the first flight ends. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom face the two black couches and walk up the three wood stairs behind them. Turn left and walk through the doorway and up 6 stairs on your right. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk behind couch to stairs, go up steps. At top of steps turn left and go down hall. Turn right at steps and go up them. Stop at first landing. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom door and turn right. Walk to the bedroom door and exit through it. Turn left and go down the hallway.  Take one step through the door to your right which is the dining room. Stop right there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM exit bathroom to bedroom, turn right and walk across room to open door, enter hallway and turn left. Go to end of hallway turn right and enter dining room. Stop at dining room table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM walk through the doorway towards the bed, turn right, walk past the bed and walk through the door on the right walk left down the hall, walk through the double doors on the right into the kitchen and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA with the screen to your left walk straight and exit the movie room, turn left and walk down the carpeted hallway, once at the end a stairway will be on your left. Walk down the first set of stairs and stop on the landing. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room and turn left go down the stairs ten steps and wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the television room and make a left in the hallway. Walk to the top of the stairs.  Walk down one flight of stairs and wait before the second flight of stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Head down the hallway and stop in front of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn towards the hallway. Walk towards the hallway. Continue down the hallway until you reach the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy exit bedroom to hallway, continue straight down hallway to stairs going up. Stop at base of stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go left down hallway, stop at the living room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh leave the doorway and walk down the hallway with windows to the outside on your right. Continue straight past the stairs and slightly left. Stop when there is a large wall of glass on your right with a few cement stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Take a hard left turn and walk down the corridor, stopping near the window. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Enter the building.  Walk down the hall with the translucent wall on your left.  At the end of that wall, turn left and walk across the room past the red and purple couches.  When you get to the small staircase on your left, stop there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Enter house and walk straight down hallway. Turn left at two chairs and walk towards stairs. Turn slight right at stairs to living room. Walk slight left behind couches to stairway. Stop on 2nd stair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk into the house and turn left. Continue into the main room, past the first set of stairs and the glass table.  Turn left past the glass table, walk up two steps and wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go indoors and pass the stairs. When you get the the plant go into the double doors and wait there in that hallway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Enter through the ornate black door. Continue forward passing the staircase on the right. Go through the french doorway and wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk out the door behind you, towards the oriental rug. Walk past the rug and through the first set of double doors. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave bar area across sitting room through double doors. Turn right into hallway and enter main room. Stop on antelope rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go out the double doors on the left then turn right and go down the hallway all the way down until you get to a room with a rug that has an antelope and stop there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight across the room and exit out the double wood and glass doors on the left. Once out the doors, Turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the door at the end. Stop once inside the room facing the large windows. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk through the doorway away from the couch, turn right at the next doorway and right again down the hallway. Enter the room with the blue ottoman and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge exit sitting room to hall, turn hard right into adjacent hallway, continue straight down hallway to perfume room. stop before rug and big blue ottoman. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left, walk through the entryway, turn right, walk through the entryway, turn right again, walk through the doorway and wait in the bedroom. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn to the left, stepping over the red velvet rope and onto the first red rug, then turn left. Head down the hallway until you see a red and white striped chair on your left. Head up the grey stairs until you're standing on the first red tile mosaic, and wait there. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk and turn left at the first corner. Keep walking straight along until you see a white and red striped chair and a staircase. Turn left and walk up the first three white steps and stop there. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk from sitting room to long red rug. Turn left and walk straight to stairs on left. Turn left and walk up steps and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head down the long hallway and turn left at the exit sign.  Stop where numbered lockers are on the left, and the kitchenette is on your right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down hallway, turn left at exit sign, walk to sink. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around, go down the hall. Turn left and stop in the kitchenette. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go out the door to the right of the grey chair. Turn right, when you get to the stairs go up 4 steps and wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left, walk through the doorway, turn right, walk towards the stairs, go up the stairs, and wait. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk straight through double doors turn right in hall way. turn right on stairs and stop on 4th stair. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn to your left and exit the bedroom. Take an immediate right turn. Walk forward until get to an open doorway on the left and take a left. Walk forward halfway to the open doorway in front of you, then stop and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the bedroom, into the hallway. Turn right and walk past the thermostat. Take the first hallway to the left past the thermostat. Wait in the hallway next to the entrance to the bathroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the room and turn right then when you get to the black couches turn left and wait in that hallway. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Pass the white couches and wait right at the beginning of the three steps. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk toward the stairs and stop right before them. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right at table and walk between couches, and turn left, wait at bottom of stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward and pass the fireplace on your left side and continue forward to the hall. Turn left and wait at the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM walk straight across living room passed all chairs to hallway. In hallway turn left and walk to doorway. Stop in doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go past the chairs and into the hallway turn left and wait there on the rug. 
V2XKFyX4ASd continue down the stairs and turn right walking in front of two recliners, continue straight through the doorway to a bedroom and turn right to walk past the foot of the bed. Stop in front of the bathtub. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and turn right. Walk all the way across the room past the fireplace. Enter the doorway and wait next to the bathtub. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk down the stairs, and past the fireplace. Walk through the open door to the left of the floor lamp. Make a right at the dresser, and wait at the tub. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight down the right hallway until it intersects another hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs At the end of the hall you need to make a left and go down the hall. When you get to the end of the hall you will see an exit sign that is near the ceiling. Next walk past the exit sign and wait in front of an office and in the center of the floor. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn to your right, enter that hallway, keeping the glass on your right. Keep walking forward, past the end of the glass wall. Continue moving forward until you're under the exit sign that is near the ceiling. Stop and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the door and turn right and then walk out the double door to your right. Wait right before the stairs between the two pillars. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the doorway, turn right into the foyer. Walk through the foyer to the door. Walk out of the door and onto the porch. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the doorway and turn right.  Head through the double doors and stop on the porch. 
VLzqgDo317F Move forward past the table with the drawer open. Continue down the hallway. 
VLzqgDo317F Go down the hallway.  Turn left and head up the stairs.  Stop on the landing where both staircases meet. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down the hallway to the right of the fireplace, then turn left and go up the white stairs.Then go up the right hand side of the red steps and wait at the top. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go past the pool and spa toward the house.  Go through the double doors and into the house.  Stop inside in front of the dinning room table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk on the travertine pavers, past the pool and jacuzzi. Walk through the archway to the right of the shining spot light. Enter through the open french doors, and wait near the columns. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk down pathway between bushes up steps. Walk through archway and enter house through double doors. Stop in entry way between two pillars. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter past the thermostat and go through the left opening. Walk past the beds into the bathroom and wait in front of the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Reverse your direction 180 degrees. Walk through the doorway to the right of the door leading outside. Walk past the chair and straight into the leftmost door. Walk through the bedroom into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head left and make another left at the glass door into the room with the ironing boards and go into the bathroom with white towels on the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Continue walking up the staircase, and through the doorway on the right. Walk straight down the hallway and stop once in front of the white rug. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk upstairs and walk through the door on your right.  Walk through the door on your left and continue right down the hall. Stop when you get just inside the door of the bedroom straight ahead. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the staircase.  At the top of the stairs, keep following the hall until you get to the doorway on your right.  Go through that doorway and then make a quick left walking towards the bathroom.  Walk past the bathroom, down the hallway with a picture hanging on the wall to your left. Keep walking through the doorway of the bedroom ahead of you, and stop just as you enter the room. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and walk down the hallway. turn to your right and enter the bedroom. stop by the bed. 
5q7pvUzZiYa exit bedroom down hall, turn right at first door, stop in doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk away from the bedroom and down the hall towards the stairs. Turn right and wait at the door to the other bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go into the front door, and walk along the left side of the room until you reach a doorway on the right side of the wall. Go into the hallway and walk straight ahead. Stop at the bathroom door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Enter the house, walk past the front counter, turn left, and enter the bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk into the house through the french doors.Walk past the bar and television. Turn left into the first doorway. This is the women's bathroom. Wait by the door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn 180 degrees and walk down the steps. Turn right at the bench and take two steps. Turn sharp left and walk straight alongside the railings. Turn right into the doorway after the painting on the right side wall. Once in the room, walk into the bathroom doorway to the right of the bed. Wait by the sink. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Head down the stairs and go to the carpeted hall on the right.  Go down the hall and turn right into the bedroom that is right before the railing on the left ends.  Turn left into the bedroom bathroom and stop in front of the shower. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj After you go down the stairs turn slightly right go past the elevator and go into the third door on the right. Turn right and go into the bathroom and wait by the toilet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room into the main area. Stop in the doorway straight across from the utility room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go inside and wait right at the entrance of the third door from your left. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room and walk toward the door near the potted plant.  Stop in the doorway leading into the bedroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hallway into the large open room. Turn to your left and enter the doorway on the left. Walk into room towards the first table and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past metal wall art on left. Make a hard left at black and white stone pattern in tile floor. Make a hard left into open massage room door, and wait at threshold. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down hall to square on floor. Turn left to first door. Enter room and stop at the massage tables. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom, turn right, enter the bedroom on the right and stand between the bed and mirror. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the bathroom and do a U-Turn to the right and enter the bedroom that is adjacent to the bathroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom and wait in the first bedroom on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom, then the bedroom. Stop outside the bedroom door between the sitting room and dining area. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave the bathroom and then walk past the tub and bed and leave the bedroom.  Stop just past the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and go past the tub and the bed go out the door to your right and wait near the couches. 
8WUmhLawc2A You need to leave the bedroom and go down the hall in front of the bedroom. Next, you need to stop when you get to the living room and wait by the chair. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go to the TV. Go to the door. Go to the light switch. Go to the paintings. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room and head straight until you get to the living room. Then wait by the couches. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Enter bedroom. Walk into bathroom on left. Stop at sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk into the bedroom that is right of the tapestry.  Walk past the bed and walk into the bathroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go through the door with the plaque reading "Sunset Room", then turn left and go into the bathroom ahead and to your left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the table and desktop computer. Exit room through the white double doors and turn right. Walk past the framed newspaper articles. Turn through the doorway on the left and wait. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right pass the table and desk and head towards the open doors. GO through the doors and head right towards the hall way. One you make it through the hall way make the first left and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn to your right and exit through the double white doors. Once out, Turn to your right and head towards the long hallway. Right when you start to enter the hallway and there is a door to the left and right, turn to the left and enter the room. Stop when you walk in and are facing both the small and large table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT exit bathroom to hall, turn left and follow hall through archway into dining room. at table turn right enter hall. Stop at trash can and coat hooks. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk all the way down through the opening with an arch.  Walk to the middle of the kitchen and go through the doorway on the right next to the portrait. . 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Walk down the hallway and through the doorway straight ahead of you at the end of the hallway to enter the kitchen.  From the kitchen, walk though the first doorway on your right and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the hallway and turn right.  Head toward the chair.  Turn right and stop in the laundry room doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and walk down the hall to the room on the right, go down the hall to the laundry room on the right and stop inside the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go down the hallway and turn right then turn right again and wait there in the laundry room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and continue straight to the bedroom at the end of the hall. Wait in front of the television and the bed. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom. Keep walking straight until you see a bedroom right ahead of you. Stand in front of the bed and stop there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head to the door on the left out of the bathroom.  Continue down the hallway into the bedroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk away from the bookshelf. Enter the next room and walk through it, toward the staircase. Start up the stairs and stop about two steps up. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go straight and pass the table and go straight into the other room. Go straight and pass the couch and go into the other room and go up the stair to the second step. 
759xd9YjKW5 Leave the dining room, go through the entryway, walk through the living room, and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk down the stairs and stop beside the portrait and the electrical outlet. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn 90 degrees left and go down the steps all the way to the bottom. Walk forward until you stand next to the painting of popcorn. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs. Wait beside the wooden railing on the left side of the hall. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and go out on the porch. Turn towards your left and walk across the porch towards the other house. Stop in the doorway of the porch. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk outside and turn left. Pass the two chairs and go down the stairs. Wait at the door leading into the closed patio. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the building onto the porch past the rocking chairs. Go down the steps and wait straight across the deck in the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 You need to go inside the bedroom and through the doorway on the far right of the room. Then walk through the bathroom and wait in the doorway of the bathroom in front of the bedroom with the black bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk across bedroom to door left of the bookcase. Walk across bathroom and stop at hardwood floor. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the bedroom past the beds and exit through the open doorway near the chair.  Walk straight through the bathroom and stop in the doorway of the bedroom on the other side. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go into the entrance of the building. After inside the building, go straight on the left side of the dark brown couch. Pass the couch and go through the small doorway and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk across patio to double doors, turn right and enter, walk across living room into hallway stop in archway with counter on your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk away from the pool towards the grill, before you pass the table turn right through the white and glass door. Walk straight past the chair and couch, over the rug, There will be a brass pillar on your left and the couch on your right, walk straight through the arched doorway with a candle on the wall to your right. Stop outside of the doorway to the movie room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the kitchen into the living room. Go past the couches then turn right after you pass the rug and the stairs turn left and wait by the wooden wardrobe. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk in between the cabinets on your left and the kitchen island on your right until you reach the end of the row of cabinets. Walk into the next room, walk across the rug and past the white overstuffed chair, heading for the front door. Walk through the entryway, over the rug, slightly to the left, towards the umbrella stand by the front door. Take a couple more steps towards the living room.Stop when you get to the white chair. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn left at the counter and walk across the room. Go through the double doors and wait by the cabinet. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the laundry room and down the stairs.  Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and go forward into the living room. Wait next to the piano and the reclining chair. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the laundry room, and walk down the stairs. Make a right at the landing, and walk down the stairs. Make a left at the bottom of the stairs, and then a hard left into the great room. Wait at the piano. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room and walk all the way down to the bottom of the stairs. Turn left and again left passing the white chair and stop in front of the piano. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go upstairs onto the wooden patio and turn right into the white-trimmed door. Once inside the house, make another right where you will enter a room where there is a washer and a dryer. Walk a little upwards a make a left into the bedroom just before entering the restroom. Wait at the bedroom door before entering the bedroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk along the deck, turn right, enter the house, turn right, walk into the laundry room, and wait. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ walk up steps and across deck, turn right and enter house, turn right and enter hallway, walk 3 steps and enter bedroom on the left. Stop before drawers. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go down the hallway until you get to a vase that is being held by metal stand holding a brown plant and wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the tiled hallway. Pass the large mirror on the right. Wait by the small glass door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight all the way towards the door right in front of you that has grey big sofas visible on the outside. Stop in front of the door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh After you pass the pool turn right and walk down toward the statues. Wait near the patio table and chairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk along concrete path towards statues. Stop between table and statues. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk along the walkway between the building and the grass. Stop at the corner of the building near the barbecue area. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk around the house, past the chairs and sofa. Enter the large doorway to the kitchen. Turn left and walk though the kitchen, into the hallway and straight into the bedroom.  Wait inside the doorway of the bedroom, next to the light switches. 
p5wJjkQkbXX You should leave the pool area and go past the chairs and couch that are in front of the far back door. When you get to the door go inside and make a left, you should now be by the kitchen and in front of a narrow doorway. Go through the doorway and into the doorway of the bedroom across the hall, stop in the bedroom doorway and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk across the patio to large glass door wall into the kitchen. Walk to the left hand side of the counter. Continue straight into bedroom and stop in bedroom before bed on white rug. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh step outside of the room and go left. take a left before the sink. go towards the by window and stop before the bar. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the laundry room and turn left toward the kitchen.  Turn left towards the couch and walk towards the couch.  Stop in the doorway next to the TV. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter hallway from laundry room. Turn left and walk to kitchen. Turn left at kitchen counter. Walk through living room to glass wall. Stop before outside bar. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the laundry room, turn left and wait by the dinning room table. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk past the washer and dryer and exit the laundry room. Turn left and proceed next to the dining table with a wooden bench and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk out the door by the sink, Make a left turn, walking to the dining bench. 
HxpKQynjfin Walk across living room to tile floor. Stop next to the far side of the bar. 
HxpKQynjfin Go past the bed, the tv, and the desk. Stop at mirror by the entrance door. 
HxpKQynjfin Walk past the TV and continue toward the bathroom.  Stop before walking through the bathroom door. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk up the stairs and wait on the balcony directly outside the door. 
EDJbREhghzL Go upstairs, wait by birdcage. 
EDJbREhghzL Continue up the stairs and keep going straight once you get to the top.  Take the step up to the deck outside and stop on the mat. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the closet and go through the doorway on your left.  Enter the bedroom then walk to the double doors on your right.  Walk down the hallway to your right and stop under the archway behind the blue chair. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit walk-in closet through door. Take a slight left and walk through doorway. Walk into the bedroom. Take a slight right and walk through double doors. Take a left upon exiting the bedroom. Walk to the doorway to the right. Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into the room with the clock through it, bast a bench and a mirror, and stop by some light switches facing towards a very large living room with front doors. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go between the statue and the large table. Go to the right of the counter and continue left to the fridge. Travel left along the counter until you reach the stove. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the dining area into the kitchen and wait by the stove. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn around and turn right. Turn left and then turn left again. Wait in front of the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bedroom through the double doors and turn left. Walk toward the stairs. Start down the stairs and stop where the stairs break into level ground, next to the colorful flowers. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go out the door to your left. Once out the door turn left and keep walking down the hallway. Turn left and do down the stairs. Stop at the bottom between the 2 sets of stairs looking up the ones in front of you. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk into the hallway and towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and stop at the first landing. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the kitchen near the pie plates. Turn into the hall before the stairs, and go into the first door, looking in the doorway of the restroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the kitchen using the door on the left then turn right and go through the door and then turn left and go into the bathroom and stop at the entrance. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk to the left of the table and out the door. Turn right and walk through the doorway. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Stop just inside the bathroom door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Wait at the entrance of the exercise room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn left, and walk past the bench. Make a right through the open doors, and exit the bedroom. Make a right in front of the mirror. Walk past the wall sconce on the right. Wait at the threshold of the gym door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 With the walk in closet directly behind you, go through the opening towards your left, then a few steps later, exit the bedroom through the door opening towards your right. In the hallway, turn right leaving the mirror on your left and continue down the hallway until the floor changes from stone tile to carpet at the entrance to the exercise room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn to the left to face the balcony hallway. Walk down the hallway towards the horse painting at the end of the hall. Before you reach the end of the hall turn to the right towards the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs to the first landing and turn to face the rest of the stairs leading down. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go straight and then turn right and go down the stairs. Go down nine steps then wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward with the office at your back. Go down the stairs. Stop on the landing before you go down the rest of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Head to the end of the hallway, go upstairs and stop in the middle of the first flight of stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 With the door to your left and the painting to your right, start walking down the hallway and then take four steps up the stairs to your left at the end of the hallway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn to your hard left and walk down the hall. Then turn to your left and walk up the stairs. Stop in the middle of the stairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go past the table with the chairs. Pass the bar with the stools and the couches then go into the room on the slight left and wait by the large table with the chairs and the chandelier. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the dining table and take a right behind the couch. Leave the living room and go into the hall. Enter the formal dining room across from the living room. Stop nest to the end table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go between the sink and the wooden table on the right. Stop at the couch. Turn left and travel to the archway ahead. Enter the archway and continue going forward to the dining room with the large table and chairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go through the bathroom and through the doorway on your left then make a right and stop at the nearest doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Take a right into the bathroom and walk straight out of the bathroom. Take a right and wait in that doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bathroom.  Walk straight through the room with the mirror until you enter a room with a giant clock.  Stop in the doorway to the right of the clock. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk through the doorway. Take a left the bedroom. Take a right in the bedroom. Take a right into the closet and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the laundry room then turn left to go into the bedroom. Turn right into the small camera room. Wait by a white panel with lots of cables hanging out. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Take a left just before the rug, into the bedroom. Take a right at the bed. Take another right into a small room and wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go past the top of the stairs and go to the right. At the end of the walkway turn to the left and wait in the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past the stairs in front of you. Keep going down the hallway and turn into the last door on the left. Stop when you reach the doorway and see another hallway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Take a left out of the doorway and turn right at the end of the hallway and walk to the end of that hallway and stand in the doorway to the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then turn right pass the chair with the sink then turn left to go down the hallway. Enter the room on the left. Pass the stairs and wait there by the desk. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk past the barber chair and turn left. Walk left past the plants and stop by the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and turn right. Walk toward the sink area to your left. Turn left and exit through the double doors. Wait in the Reception area near the elevators. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the glass desk and exit the room into the hallway. Turn left and walk to the staircase. Stop in the middle of the bottom landing. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the room using the door on the right then turn left and then turn right on and go up one step on the stairs then stop there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit through the door next to the light switches. Turn left in the hall. Stand on the elevated section just before the stairs begin and stop there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk out of the blue wall bedroom and into the hallway. In the hallway, turn to the left and walk to the second of the two brown chairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room then turn left and head down the hallway until you pass two brown chairs on the left then turn left and wait there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave the bedroom and walk left.  Continue walking down the hall until you pass two chairs, then go to the first room on the left.  Stop in the doorway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the storage closet and make a u-turn to the left.  Go through the doorway and wait on the landing. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go out the door and turn right.Then go through the first door and stand at the bottom of the second flight of stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Make a sharp right turn walking out of the storage closet. Turn right and walk outside the door and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Go up the stairs and take a left. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom on the right of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Head up the stairs and make a left, keep going straight through the doors to the bedroom and make a slight right through the bedroom and wait just inside the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Go up the stairs and follow the hallway to the left.  Enter the first bedroom with a white bed and walk towards the bathroom on your left.  Stop in front of the doorway that leads to the toilet. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left and walk along the long table. At the end turn right and exit the room. Turn left into the hallway and walk to the last door on your right. Turn and stop facing in the door to the bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward towards the door and turn right. Turn left and walk forward. Wait in front of bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Enter the dining area. Turn right. Exit through the first door on the right. Turn left. Enter the farthest door on the right leading to a restroom. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk away from the computers towards the exit.  Exit the room through the door on your left.  Turn right.  Walk until you reach two double doors in front of you, then turn left.  Stop in front of the open door on your right that leads to another empty workroom. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office then turn right when you get to the exit sign turn left and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk across the office and exit the wood door on the left. Once out turn right and walk forward towards the wooden doors. Turn left right before you reach the doors. Stop in the hallway right outside the first door to your right. You are still facing the hallway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom to the room then exit the room using the door on the left then turn left and head down the hallway then turn left on the next room and wait by the bed. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom. Enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom to the door on the left. Take a sharp left. Walk toward door on the left. Enter the bedroom. Wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go through the door, exiting the bedroom and turn left again. Walk passed the lamp on the small table and go in the first room on the left.  Wait in the doorway next to the night stand. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk toward the fireplace and turn left. Walk past the table in the center of the room and through the entryway. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight toward the fireplace then turn left and pass the round table then turn right and right again. Go into the room on the left and wait at the entrance. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards fireplace and turn left, pass a really long table with white table cloth. Turn right in hallway, turn right again into bathroom on the left. 
rPc6DW4iMge turn around. Go up the stairs and stand on the second step down. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk towards the stair case.  walk up about 7 steps and stop in the middle of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go slightly left and go up the stairs on the left. Stop at the third step to the top. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk into the bedroom, past the end of the bed and stop in the archway to the office. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go straight until you get into the room with the bed. Turn left and pass the bed. Wait in the office by the desk. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk into the bedroom and walk left past the drawers. Stop in front of the desk. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Travel to the white door with a doorknob. Go through the door and onto the porch. Turn left and travel beyond the columns to the brick porch. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk to door , open the door and exit the room. Turn left and walk to the end of the patio. Turn left take a step and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk straight across the garage and out the door on the other side. Once outside, turn left and follow along the wall and then stop before the pavement changes. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit bathroom to bedroom and continue through to hallway into kitchen. Stop at microwave. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the bathroom. Make a left, and exit the bedroom. Walk past the built-in desk on the right. Wait at the built-in microwave. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the bathroom into the bedroom. Turn right and walk through the door. Walk forward into the kitchen. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Enter the bathroom and head into the walk-in closet. Go past the closet and stand in front of the sink in the laundry room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the toilet, turn left into the closet, turn left through the closet a little passed the doorway, then wait. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk towards the tub, then turn right to go into the closet.  Walk past the dresser on your right toward the shoes, then go through the door on the right and stop in front of the sink. 
7y3sRwLe3Va ascend the stairs and then go to your left and go down the hallway and then turn left again and stop right before the kitchen table. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs then turn left and walk toward the white table and chairs then turn left and stop by the large wood table with white chairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Head up the stairs and go left into the kitchen. Make another left and stop in the doorway to the dining room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the dining area and wait to the right of the wooden end table and love seat. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk across the room and stand next to the patio set. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk straight head and cross the room going past the long table and bar area. Stop once you reach the pink, green and brown couch. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk behind couch towards the fireplace. Turn left and proceed past fireplace and coffee table. Continue slightly left and wait directly in front of wall with pictures of children and a puppy on it. 
8WUmhLawc2A Pass the fireplace and go into the large arch leading toward the hallway. Stop by the pictures on the wall. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk behind couch and turn left, exit living room and wait at pictures on the wall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left and walk along the path and enter the house. Turn to your right and enter bedroom. Wait by the tv. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter the building through the side door and wait in the doorway to the bedroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter the home through the large glass door and go to the doorway of the television room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk across the room and wait through the second door on the right, in the bathroom . 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn right and walk to the door on the right 2nd closest to the stairs. Stop once you enter the door and are looking at the bathroom . 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight and go into the fourth door from the right. Wait by the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the living room area and into the sun room area with round dining table and chairs. Walk past the book shelf. Continue down the room past the floor rugs and open doors. Walk into the kitchen area and stop near the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the couch and bookshelf. Walk past the dining room table and turn left. Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go through the narrow room, passed the bookshelves and first doorway on your left, when you arrive at the table turn left and wait near the fridge. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the dining room to the right, go through the archway with the exit sign and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the dining room and wait at the exit door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight past all the tables and chairs then go out through the double wood doors and wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the steps, then go up the next set of steps to the left, and enter the room where there is a break in the stairs. Stand in this doorway of the room with the large fireplace. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs, turn right and up the stairs again, turn left and up more stairs, and the straight into the doorway and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk to the bottom of the stairs turn right. Turn left and walk up the steps. Stop just inside the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go into the door to the right of the bookshelf and head straight until the last double door on the left and wait at the entrance of the double door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the chair. Walk into the hallway to the right of the bookshelf. Walk down the hallway and to the left. Stop in the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk forward with the leather chair on your right and head out of the door right of the bookcase. Turn into the sitting room through the third door on your left. Stop in the doorway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go to the doorway of the bathroom at the end of the hall and wait there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go stand in the doorway of the bathroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight until you get to the end if the hallway and go into the room on the left. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right, go down the hallway until you come to the end and then make a right, go down the hall passed the door brown doors on the right, right after the second door go right into the office room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head past the exit sign and turn right. Go past the open doors on the right and left, continuing down the walkway.. Turn right at the exit sign. Go down the walkway. And stop at the open door kitty-corner from the "enerskin" office. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right out of room. Head straight before turning right. Stop at doorway to room with desk and chairs. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk toward the white table. Continue walking until you pass the shower and reach the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk away from the couch toward the white table.  Continue to walk straight past the outdoor shower and stop at the top of the stairs. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk forward along the balcony. Stop at the top of the stairs before you go down them. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk out the double white doors to your left. Once in the hallway turn right and stop once you reach the 2nd rug. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk past the Christmas tree and down the all. Stop in front of the doors. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the open french doors. Make a right at the area rug. Walk past the Christmas tree on the left. Wait at the wreath on the door to the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through door on the left and make a left. Walk into room and wait at bathroom doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room using the door on the left then turn left and go into the room next door then turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT If you are standing in front of the television make a right and walk out of the door. When you are in the hallway turn left and go through the door of the bedroom. Once you are in the bedroom walk to the window and make a right, wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left and then turn right after the oddly shaped chair. Wait in the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and enter the house. Go to the right side of the petition and walk across the room. Once you pass the 2nd chair on your right, turn into the doorway and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go inside and go into the room with a glass table and eight chairs. Walk to the right of the table and turn into the first door on the right. Stop in the doorway. 
VLzqgDo317F Go through the door into a hall down a red carpet.  When you get to another doorway with a striped chair and mirror on either side, stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Go on floor runner and turn left. Go through the entrance way and wait by the striped chair. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left out of the doorway and follow the red carpet runner through the hallway. Enter the next room and walk until just past the stairs and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the striped area rug. Make a right onto the marble floor. Walk past the bathroom on the left. Make a left opposite the zebra painting. Walk through the open door, and wait at the mirror. 
JeFG25nYj2p Pass the red rug then when you get to the antelope rug turn right and go into the hallway then turn left on the second opening and wait by the closet entrance on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p When you are standing in front of the giraffe print chair and are facing the wall between the kitchen and doorway, go to the doorway on the left. Next walk through the door and down the hall, when you get to the picture of the zebra make a left. Now go through the doorway and wait in front of the doorway of the first closet on the left. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk down the hallway past the restrooms and some elevators.  Stop when you pass a small lobby with a telephone. 
PuKPg4mmafe Follow the hallway until you see a gold colored trash can. Wait in front of the middle elevator. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go straight across the hall until you get to the elevators and stop in front of the middle elevator. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the living room and into the dining room area. Stand next to the dining room table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk straight across following the wall passed the sofa. Keep going straight until you get to the bench by the glass table. Stand behind the bench, facing the glass table and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Pass the couches and go straight until you get to the glass table with fancy chairs then stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk toward the sink area. Take a sharp left. Enter the double doors. Walk to the bottom of the stairs. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk to the right of the chair in front of you. Then turn left to exit the room. Stop at the bottom of the steps outside the room facing the elevators. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward past the salon chair, and take a left. Take a left into the lobby. Stop once you pass the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go up the stairs and turn right. Go into the room to the right of the horse picture on the wall. Go into the bathroom of that room and stop a couple of feet into the bathroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Climb the stairs and then take a hard right to enter the room to your right. After entering the bedroom, continue towards your left and enter the bathroom that will be on your left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go up stairs and turn right at horse painting and enter bedroom. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Wait by sink. 
i5noydFURQK Walk forward and go into the kitchen on your right. Stop behind the dining chair closest to the kitchen. 
i5noydFURQK Walk forward and turn right. Walk forward and stop at the dinner table. 
i5noydFURQK After you go down the stairs turn right and pass the kitchen then wait by the table and white chairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go out of the closet into the bedroom, exit the bedroom, make a right, go into the entrance to the bedroom and wait. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Leave the closet and bedroom. In the hall take a right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the closet into the bedroom area. Walk through the bedroom. Walk out through the door on the other side of the bed. Walk into the hallway and turn into the bedroom around the corner with the blue comforter. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Head outside to the rail and take a left, keep going until you see sliding doors on the right, and then go through the doorway and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk outside and turn right. Walk right past the recliners and stop behind the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the office onto the balcony then pass the grey lounge chairs and go into the house using the glass sliding doors on the right. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around walk around the basketball court and stop at the corner of the court. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go forward and then right around the blue basket ball court.  Wait at the end of the court by the basket ball goal. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn right and go around the basketball court, stay on the gravel until you come to the left hand corner of the basketball court and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn around 180 degrees and go into the hallway to the right in front of the kitchen island.  Walk to the end of the hallway and go into the bathroom on the right and stand to the right of the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past kitchen, down hallway  and turn right in bathroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk down the hall that is to the left of the refrigerator. Enter the bathroom through the last door on the right. Stop once you are past the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room through the open door.  Enter the room on the left and wait by the doorway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit out the door in front of you. Once out turn left and enter the next room to the left. Stop inside the door of the next bedroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room with the easel. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait inside the bedroom by the entrance door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the lobby and around the reception desk. Stop in the room next to the desk. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight past the containers with stones in them and then past the main desk. Wait just past the clothes rack. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight past the three vases and then when you pass the desk stop near the round donut shaped lamps on the floor on the left side. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk towards the closed set of double doors at the end of the corridor. Turn left and enter the building through the second door on your left.  Stop next to a painting with flowers and a building. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight until you get to the second double glass doors on the left and go inside then walk until you get the the round table with the vase and flowers. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight along the porch, passed the first door on your left and then make a left into the door on your left, go inside and passed the statues and wait near the table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk between the columns and past the couch. walk into the building and turn left. Stop just outside the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk by the patio set and enter the house, then turn left and enter the bathroom. Stand by the sink. 
vyrNrziPKCB Head straight until you get to the double glass doors and go inside. then turn left and go into the first room on the left. Wait by the sink. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk toward bedroom door. Enter the bedroom. Exit door directly to the right. Enter landing and walk toward the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom using the door on the right then exit the room using the door on the right. head straight toward the stairway the goes up and wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk away from the closet towards the bathtub.  Turn right and leave the bathroom.  Go out the doorway on your right and exit the bedroom and walk to the bottom of the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the bureau and closet. Turn right, enter the room and stop by the counter. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the closet and turn right. Stop in front of the tub. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the closet toward the bathroom then turn right and wait by the bathtub. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and enter the doors directly ahead. Walk to the dining table. Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the pool on the left and the grass on the right. Enter the house, and wait at the dining table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Head straight and pass the pool then go into the house using the large glass sliding door. Wait by the large black glass table with the grey chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa At the bottom of the stairs turn left. Walk through the doorway to the right of the glass doors. Enter the bedroom. Wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave stairs and walk towards bedroom to the right. Stop at red bed. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around.and walk to the right side of the room. Keep walking down the hallway and enter the bedroom straight ahead with the glass doors. Stop once you are in the room. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk toward the sink area to the right. Take a sharp left at the doorways and walk through the double doors. Stop there. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and cross the room going past the chair and then turn left. Walk out of the door then head forward and turn left into the next doorway. Stop in the doorway facing the stairs, elevators and reception area. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk past the barber chair. Then turn left and walk forward toward the plants.  Turn left and walk into the next room and stand next to the chair. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk past the bed and out of the bedroom. Stop just outside the door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go through the room out of the bathroom, go into the bedroom make a right through the bedroom through the door and wait just outside that door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the bathroom into the bedroom, and continue to your right and exit the bedroom as well. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the dining room and walk through the washroom into the sitting room. Wait in the doorway near the couch. 
2n8kARJN3HM With the table and chandelier behind you, exit the room through the double doors ahead of you and to the left. Continue across the room and through the double doors on the opposite wall. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the dining room through the door to the right of the dining table.  Walk past the but and enter the doorway on the opposite from where you started.  Stop when you are standing in this doorway into the room with the round couch. 
EDJbREhghzL walk along the edge of the house and enter the house through the patio door. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk along the outside of the house underneath the glass overhang. You will come to an entrance with glass double doors. Enter the building and wait. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk toward the sitting area that overlooks the harbor and go left through the doors to enter the building.  Stop next to the birdcage. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk out of the bathroom. Walk past the couches. Stop in front of the dining room table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk straight out of the bathroom, past the living room and wait by the large dining table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bathroom and pass the red and purple couches until you get to the glass table with the black chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bedroom through the door.  Once outside of the room, make a hard left into doorway beside the slot machine. Wait by the mirror. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the room using the door on your left then turn left and go into the room next door. Wait by the sink. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Stand in front of the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight toward the tv and pass the couches then turn left and go all the way down the hallway until you get to the garage and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and walk behind couch. Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight towards the door in front of you leading to the garage. Stop at the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the sitting area through the doorway to the left of the TV. Walk to the end of the hall and stop in the doorway to the garage. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom and then turn left and go into the second door on the right. Wait by the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom through the door leading to the corridor. Turn left. Enter the second door on the right. Go toward the bed. Stop there. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and exit the bedroom into the hallway. Turn left and go down the hallway. Enter the second doorway on your right. Walk up to the foot of the bed and wait. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Finish going up the stairs and stop at that floor then turn right and go into that room. Turn left and head toward the stairs on the left. Go up two steps then stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go upstairs then into the first doorway that you come to, make a left, go along the wall until you get to some stairs, go up the stairs a few steps then stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go up the stairs, and go through the door on the right into the foyer. Go up the stairs on your left. Stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk along the hall with the guardrail past the stairs. Turn into the first doorway into the bedroom on the left. Stop between the bed and double closet doors. 
7y3sRwLe3Va With the banister on your right, head down the hallway past the stairs on your left and enter the bedroom, which is the last room, on your left. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va With the railings on your right, walk down the hallway and turn into the bedroom on the left after passing the stairs.  Enter the room and stop at the foot of the bed. 
82sE5b5pLXE With the glass display case to your right, move forward and slightly to your right to take the short series of five steps down. At the bottom of the stairs, go into the room to your immediate left. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk towards a long hallway and go down the steps. Take the first entrance on your left and wait once inside the room. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walked forward towards the stars. Entered the narrow hallway. Turned left at first first door. Entered room with blue couch. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the walk in closet to the room then turn right and go out the double door to the patio and wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the door to the outside patio that is located in the bedroom next to the large picture of a sail boat. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit closet and turn right. Enter bedroom and turn right. Wait outside. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn to you right and walk to the door leading to the hallway. Stop when you are looking at the hallway and are beside the TV. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go past the bed and wait at the end of the striped floor runner. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk across bedroom and stop next to TV. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the foot of the bed and exit the bedroom through the double doors ahead of you. Once out of the bedroom take a quick dogleg to the left and enter the large room with a chandelier ahead of you. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk across to the other side of the bed. Exit out the double white doors. Once out turn left. When you see the door to outside, turn right and then stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk past the bed and head out the door in front of you, go left and stop behind the couch. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and go toward the pool. Turn right in front of the pool and wait by the plants. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk out onto the walk outside the house, and go straight, make a right and wait near the plants. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk down the walkway towards the pool and turn right. Stop on the walkway near the door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go to the far end of the room and wait in the doorway to the dining room. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down past the dining table. Turn right at the last drinking fixture display. Step in between the two doorways and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the fixtures and table and chairs. Turn right past the bathtub. Stop just inside the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room and climb the stairs to your right. At the top of the stairs, take an immediate left through the opening. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bedroom. Turn left and go up stairs. Turn left and wait at the entrance to the sitting room by the two closed doors. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room and go up the stairs on your right.  Stop inside the doorway that is on your left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the kitchen. Take a left onto the porch. Stop in the doorway to the porch. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the kitchen and turn right. Stop just outside the double doors. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight past the counter on the left and the oven on the right. Continue through the doorway into the room with lighter wood flooring. Turn left and go through the exterior door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn left and go down the hallway pass the sink and keep on going until you get to the bathtub and wait there. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk toward the exit to the bedroom but turn left before you leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway to the bathroom.  Continue down the hallway past the two chairs with brown flowers and stop in front of the faucet for the bathtub. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go to the left side of the fireplace and turn left. Follow the hall way all the way to the end of it. Wait at the entrance to the bathroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go down the hallway and past a large gold-framed mirror and through the entryway into a large room with a kitchen and seats and outside through the large back exit. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the laundry room and turn left. Walk down the hall past the mirror and turn right. Walk past the island and outside. Stop in front of the plants. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the laundry room and turn left. Turn right into the kitchen. Walk outside and wait next to the potted plants. 
s8pcmisQ38h exit bedroom and turn right walk down hallway, turn right and walk down the stairs, turn left and walk down those stairs, stop on the next landing. 
s8pcmisQ38h With the bed to your left, exit the bedroom and then immediately turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue through the narrow hallway and at the end, turn ninety degrees to the right and head towards the stairs leading downward. Stop when you reach the second landing. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom into the corridor. Turn right and enter the landing area. Turn right again. Go halfway down the stairs. Stop there. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go down the stairs and then turn left and go straight until you get to an old stove. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down the stairs. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and walk into the room with the wood stove. Wait near it. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk all the way down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn left. Walk to the rug. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the left of the desk past the plywood storage bin. Walk past the desk and chairs. Walk down the Stairs to the right. Walk around the easel and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk toward the table. Take a left and walk toward the next table on the left. Exit through the doorway to the left of the couch. Turn right through the archway. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go towards the desks and make an immediate left, go straight passed the desks on the right, go through the doorway on the right, down the stairs, and then make a right and wait near the entrance to the toilet. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the bathroom and go through the door on the right.  Walk down the room until you get to the beginning of the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop on the third step from the top. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom, turn right through the doorway. Go towards the "1" sign and make a right and then go down a few steps on the stairs and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom area. Exit the bedroom area using the door on your right. Go to the top of the stair. Wait on the third stair from the top. 
EDJbREhghzL With the fireplace towards your left, move forward down the hallway until you see some stairs leading upwards ahead of you and to the left. Head towards those stairs and pass by them. Stop when you pass the corner on your right. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the sitting area and take a left. Walk in the direction of the stairs. Once you pass the stairs stop once you reach the entrance to the kitchen on your right. 
EDJbREhghzL Facing the mirror, make a left, go through the hallway, make a slight left toward the staircase and then make a right and then wait near the round table on the left. 
i5noydFURQK Go through the hallway, make a right and wait at the light switch. 
i5noydFURQK At top of stairs turn left into hallway, turn right as hallway turns. Stop before entering dining room at plant and pictures. 
i5noydFURQK Walk forward and turn right. Stop at the photographs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk around the table and toward the couch. Walk behind the couch and through the entryway. Walk toward the front door and into to the room to the right of it. Stop in front of the desk. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and take a left at the couch. Take a right at the photos and take another right into the office that is next to the front door. Wait inside the office. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk through the kitchen. Turn left and walk along beside the bar and behind the couch. Cross the room and go down the hallway to the right. Go all the way down the hallway and enter the double wood doors to the right of the door going outside. Stop right inside the room facing the desk. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk into the bedroom and then walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Walk into the playroom and wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Step into the bedroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom through the door and turn right. Walk through the first doorway on the right and wait just inside the art room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the closet and turn right.  Then exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk into the art room and stand near the chair. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Head into the bedroom, make a left through the doorway into the circle room and then make a right into the first doorway, step into the closet and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into the bedroom. Turn the corner and exit the bedroom through the door leading to the hallway. Walk down the hall and into a large closet area with a round cushioned seat in the middle. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and go out the door to the left of the bed. Once out the door turn right and enter the door on the right. Enter the closet and stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Head down the corridor away from the cinema room. Enter the living area and walk toward the large couch. Enter the dining area to the left. Stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the media room and veer left. Go behind the couch to the dining room on the left. Stop in the dining room to the left of the first chair at the head of the table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight then go past the couches and turn left. Stand by the large table with the chairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Turn right into the closet and wait there. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet toward the room then exit the room using the second door on the right and go into the other closet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Leave the closet and take a right. Go through the second door on the right. Step into the closet and stop once inside. 
EDJbREhghzL Go out into the hallway and turn left. Then veer slightly left at the flowers, past the stairs and stop next to the table and chairs across from the kitchen. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the alcove and go left down the hallway, towards the hall table with the vase of flowers on top of it.  Veer to the left of that hall table, heading towards the staircase.  Keep walking past the staircase on your left and stop in the walkway between the dining table on your left, and the kitchen entryway on your right. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave and take a left. Walk in the direction of the stairs. Stop before you enter the kitchen right at the entrance. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room, make a left and go through the black archway, take a left and stop near the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the office and take a left. in the bedroom take a left into the kitchenette. Stop in front of the minifridge. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room and take an immediate left.  Wait in front of the sink on the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the kitchen area past the table. Walk into the next room and walk towards the first open door. Walk through the door with a hanging painting, which leads to a bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and into the bathroom with tiled floor. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left and walk through the kitchen. Once out of the kitchen, turn right and enter the bedroom. Walk straight across the bedroom and then turn left to enter the bathroom. Stop once you are looking into the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Enter the kitchen area and turn right. Exit the kitchen area. Take the first door to the right and enter the bedroom. Walk toward the window. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and take a left. Turn right after the table with the white tablecloth. Take another right after the bench with black leather. Wait next to the white chair on the right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and go past the stairs on your right then turn right and go past the bench on your right. Enter the room on your right and wait by the white couch. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o With the water fountain directly behind you, enter the room ahead and turn ninety degrees to the left and walk past the wooden staircase on your right. Turn right underneath the staircase and walk down the hallway leading to the exit. Just before reaching the exit, turn right into the room with the sign "Bridal Room" next to the entrance. Go to the right after you enter the room and wait in front to the two chairs that will be on your right. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk past the large picture and chair. Walk past the dining room table turn right into the hallway and stop. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go straight and pass the bar with the chair/stools then pass the clear glass table with the white chairs and turn right. Wait in that hallway. 
17DRP5sb8fy With the painting of the mermaid towards your right, head straight. After passing the counter towards your right, turn right and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, through the archway, and then make a right into an intersection and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go out of the bathroom door into the bedroom, and out through the bedroom door  Go down the hall and when you get to another bathroom, turn the opposite way into a doorway and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom by walking straight. Continue walking straight to exit the bedroom. When you get to the hallway turn right and wait in front of the door for the elevator. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk into the living room. Walk out of the living room and into the dining room and wait there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go straight and slightly right to go into the right arch. Pass the couches and go straight and go into the arch and stand by the white table and chairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk away from the phone, and enter the living room through the entrance on the right. Walk through the living room and behind the right couch. Walk through the doorway and stop before you reach the rug. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk outside and past the four chairs on the deck.  When you get to the table, turn left and stop in the doorway of the room with the fur rug. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go outside and walk to the left of the pool. Turn into the last room on the left. It's the room with a glass desk and two gray rugs. Stop in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go out onto the patio and walk past the pool. Enter the office through the door on the far left. Stop in the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exiting the men's room, veer right at the water fountain and then veer left to start walking in the direction of a wooden staircase. Pass by the staircase and turn right when the hallway leading to the exit appears on your right. Stop in front of the padded bench to your right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the drinking fountain and turn right, walking into the large room. Turn slightly left and walk past the long table on the left. Continue forward, past the long table on the right. Turn left and wait near the black leather bench. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go through the archway, through the large hallway, then make a right after the white table and stop at the black leather seat. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom, then exit the bedroom through the door on your left.  Turn to the left and walk down the hallway.  Enter the bedroom on your left then stop in front of the toilet on your right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom toward the room then use the door on the left to exit the bedroom. Turn left and head down the hall. Turn left on the first door and then turn right into the bathroom and wait by the toilet. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left in the hallway and enter the first bedroom on the left. Enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the toilet. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room using the door on the left and then go straight until you get to the stairs and wait on the third step. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk toward the desk with two cushions in front of it.  Turn left to walk toward the doorway.  Turn right to go out the doorwaya nd walk toward the stairs.  Go downstairs and stop on the third stair. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right, go towards the desk, turn left and go to the bedroom door. Turn right, exit bedroom, go to the stairs.  Go halfway down the stairs and wait. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and go straight. Take a left at the wall and go straight. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head straight until you pass the wall with holes in it the turn left and wait by the glass table with the white chairs. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go down past some room dividers toward a glasstop desk, and turn into the dining area. Wait next to the large glass dining table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk around the kitchen island and towards the easel.  Go to the two staircases and stop on the first step on the staircase to the left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go past the table and chairs then go up two steps on the stairs on the left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right and walk past the table area towards the steps. Go to the steps on the left and stop on the bottom step. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go towards the tables with high stool chairs. Proceed through the doorway next to them into the bedroom. Turn right and go wait next to bedside table by the bathtub. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left. Walk to the doorway directly to the left of table and chairs. Enter the bedroom. Take a sharp right. Walk toward the bathtub. Walk to the tile flooring. Stop near the night stand. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go into the door to the left of the stools and table. Pass the bed and stop near the night table on the right of the bed. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go down the stairs and turn right then go straight until you get to a room with a red comforter then turn right and go into that hallway and turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait by the clear sink. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the stairs to the orange chair that is the furthest on the right.  Turn right and walk down the hallway.  Walk into a bedroom and turn right.  Go around the corner past the shelves and stop in front of the vanity with a makeup mirror. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and go towards the door leading outside past the orange chair on the right. Keep walking past it and enter the next glass door into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn right and then right again to enter the bathroom. Once you reach the wall, turn left and walk towards the mirror. Stop in front of the mirror and the sink. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the air hockey table on the left. Wait at the futon. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk towards the couch. Once in front of the couch, walk towards the window. Once in front of the window, wait there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Pass the hockey table and wait by the couch. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and walk through the tables and chairs to the center of the room. Stop in the center of the wide open space facing the long table with the white table cloth and the other tables and chairs on the other side of the room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and make your way through all of the table and chairs until you reach an opening, stand in the middle of four pillars underneath a chandelier. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o From fireplace walk across large dinning room to center of room. Stop in front of large main table. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs until you get to the middle and wait 3 steps before going all the way down. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the stairs and stop when the staircase you are on meets up with another staircase. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs, but not all the way. Stop on the section where the ground is triangle-shaped and a guardrail is coming out of the ground. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the shower then turn u turn left and go into the room. Exit the room using the second door on the right and go up the steps. Pass the book case and wait near the plant in the brown pot. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 walk out of shower towards tub, turn left and exit through the door on the left  turn right and walk out of second door on right walk up stairs and onto carpet and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the shower, turn left and enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom through the double doors and walk up the stairs.  Stand near the bookshelf. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go upstairs, past the couch and through the dining room. Wait in the entryway near the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up the stairs. At the top, go straight, following the wall with the paintings on it. Enter the dining area on your left. Walk passed the dinging table and exit the dining room through the door on the right. Stop and wait. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk up steps to living room turn left and walk to dining room, turn right again and stop next to painting and plant. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go through the open door, make a right and wait near the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the doorway and turn right.  Stop in the kitchen area next to the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX walk down the hall, turn left stop at the counter. 
rPc6DW4iMge Pass the fridge then turn left and go up the stairs on the right. Go up three steps then stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit kitchen to stairs, stop at stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge After you leave the kitchen make a left and go to the stairs, walk to the third step and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk past the Foosball table and outside near the covered sitting area.  Walk through the columns and take the pathway to the right.  Follow the pathway and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk forward past the end of the Foosball table and towards the glass double doors leading to a covered patio with a seating area. walk past the seating area and on to the open air path leading to the right side of the garden and pool area. Walk to the bottom of the stairs on the side of the house that is across from a small brown fire-pit. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk outside through the patio area and turn right. Stop near the bottom of the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and go down the hall. Then take a right at the end of the hallway and enter the doorway. Continue straight and then turn right. passed the bed and then stop in front of the shower. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the stairs on the left. Walk past the large black plant pot outside. Make a right through the open door on the right. Walk past the closet on the left. Make a right just after the built-in cabinets on the right. Make a right into bathroom. Wait at the shower stall. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and walk down the hall. Then turn right and enter the large bedroom suite. Stand near the bathroom. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the room and walk down the corridor on the right. Walk forward with the pool on your left. Turn into the last door on your right and stop in the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and turn to the right to go into the open pool area.  Walk past the pool toward the caution sign.  Turn right and stop inside the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left and pass by the pool and pass the three lounge chairs then turn right and wait at the double door entrance. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk through the kitchen and outside. Wait on the porch next to the chair. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and walk across the hotel room. Exit through the back door. Stop at the second welcome mat. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk forward through the kitchen and out of the door. Go outside on the balcony. Stop on the welcome mat once you exit the kitchen. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out the door in front of you. Keep walking and enter the door across the patio. Enter the door and then turn right and exit the wood door. Keep walking straight until you are back outside facing the furniture and the yard. 
vyrNrziPKCB With the table to your left, exit the room through the double doors and reenter the building through the doors on the opposite wall into the exercise room. Exit the room through the door on your right, and continue forward until you exit the building again through a set of sliding doors. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit through double doors to the right. Take a slight left. Walk through double doors and enter the Gym area. Exit Gym area to the door on the right. Take a slight left. Walk through sliding door to Patio area. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the kitchen. Turn right around the kitchen island. Exit the kitchen toward the couches. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go through the kitchen. Pass the stove and turn right and pass the oven . Wait by the brown couches. 
8WUmhLawc2A Head past  the counter and turn right at the stoves. Stop just inside the dining area next to the brown chair. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and go down the flight of stairs. At the bottom, step out into the hallway and wait by the doorway next to the Dirty Dancing poster. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down stairs At bottom of stairs walk to center of hallway and stop by Guitar. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the stairs and turn left. Stop in front of the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH There is a wall with three doorways. Go stand next to the shelf between the two doorways farthest from you. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go past the table and chairs and stand close to the middle door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk around the dining table and stop in front of the credenza furthest to the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go into the large room with a large rug, and keep going through the room to the door on the other end, into a room with a piano, and wait at the entrance. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around until you can see a large wooden round table ahead of you and towards the right. There will be an arched opening directly ahead of you on the opposite wall of the room you're facing. Head towards that opening and go through it until you reach another room through a doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight until you go through the round opening and all the way straight until you get to a very large room with green carpet. Wait there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd You need to leave the bedroom and make a left to get to the stairs, walk up to the fourth step and wait. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bedroom into the large family room. Turn left and walk halfway up the stairs, then wait. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave the room, and enter the living room. In the living room take a left. Go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk through glass doorway straight, turn right at the circular dress and walk through the wood doorway and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit room through glass doors. Walk directly forward toward reception desk. Take a slight right at reception desk. Walk to wooden room dividers. Stop there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the corridor, moving between the rock planters.  Keep walking until you get to the round reception desk.  Follow that desk around. keeping it to your right.  Walk between the two screens that are beyond the desk, and stop when you are parallel with the second screen. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit he shower then exit the bathroom using the door on the left then turn right and then turn left and wait at the top of the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom. From the hallway, enter the first door on the right. Wait at the top of stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the shower and then out the door to the right side of the towel rack. Once out the door, turn right and enter the door. Once out, turn left and stop at the top of the stairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the shower and then turn left and exit the bathroom toward the bedroom. Stand near the bed. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk towards the bathtub and turn left.  Walk straight until you get to the bedroom and then stop once you have entered the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the shower area. When you get to the corner of the tub turn left. Continue moving forward till you're under the doorway of the bedroom. Stop and wait here. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs and then after take a slight left and go into the kitchen then stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs and when you get to the bottom, walk to the left of the chair and table in front of you, towards the kitchen.  Walk into the kitchen and stop when the end of the counter, for the breakfast bar, is on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down stairs to vase, turn left, go down stairs to kitchen. Stop at oven. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk across the room and towards the revolving door. Wait in the hallway, to the right of the reception desk. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go straight toward the golden vase. Pass the vase and go toward the desk then turn right when you get to the round glass table turn left. Go down the hallway until you get near the luggage carts. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk across the room to the towards the reception desk. At the desk turn right and then enter the hallway on your left. Stop inside the hallway where the carts are stored to your right and facing down the hallway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the room and enter the bigger room with the mosaic on the floor.  Go to the door of the first room on the left and stop in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the room and stop in the doorway on your right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk towards a cabinet and out the door, and wait past some artwork, in front of a door to a sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the bathroom and turn right into the the bedroom. Turn right and walk into the study. Turn right and walk through the doorway and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom then u turn right and go into the room. Right before passing the desk turn right and wait by the white couches. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the open door and turn right to enter the bedroom.  Turn right again and walk into the office.  Turn right again and stop inside the doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 After you leave the bedroom you should go the bedroom at the end of the hall. When you go into the room wait at the foot of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk into the hallway and make a right. Walk straight into bedroom and wait by the desk. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom on the right, make a right, go straight through to the next room, wait in the middle of the room. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk outside, past the rocking chairs and wait at the bottom of the steps. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Take a sharp left through the door leading outside. Turn left on the deck and walk down the steps. Wait at the bottom of the steps. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ With the bathroom to your left and the washing machine and dryer ahead of you and to your left, go though the door to the outside that's ahead of your and towards your right. After exiting the building, go to the left on the porch and down the four steps. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Leave desk and walk up steps. Turn right and walk toward bed. Turn left and enter closet. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Climb up the three small steps and go through the double doors. Continue forward until there's a door opening to your left. Then go through that opening. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around 180 degrees and go up the small steps to the right. Walk into the bedroom go out the door on the left and stand outside of the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom and turn right and walk into the living room. Then walk into the dinning room area and stop by the dinning room table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left go out of the bathroom then turn right and go through the double doors. After that take a sharp left and walk through the living room.Stand between the checkered chair and the mirror with a camera on it. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the room through the doorway on the left. Walk down the hallway. Turn right at the painting and enter the room. Turn the corner on the left, then continue walking straight down. Stop behind the sofa located next to the glass table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past the workout equipment and turn left. Walk into the bedroom  and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and stop in front of the desk. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn towards the left and walk out of the gym room. Turn left again and walk down the hall. Enter the bedroom, then turn right. Enter the office and stop next to the desk. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and move towards the hallway. There is a picture hanging on the wall to let you know your going the correct way. You are going to turn left and travel down the hall. When the hallway dead ends into a bedroom, turn right.  Enter the room and wait next to the closest corner of the desk. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk into the house and into the second doorway on the right. Turn left in front of the dining room table. Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Enter the house from the front patio. Go through foyer turn right. Go into the dining area. Go left past the dining table and wait at the entrance to the kitchen. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go into the house then turn right into the second door on the right. Pass the white table with the straw chairs then turn left and wait there by the fridge. 
i5noydFURQK Go up the stairs then turn left and go all the way down the hallway until you enter a room. Wait near the white vase with the white flowers. 
i5noydFURQK You need to walk up the stairs and take a left to walk down the hall to the bedroom. After you get to the bedroom through the doorway and wait. 
i5noydFURQK go up the stairs then turn left then walk straight down the hall and into the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the bedroom past the bed and hvac control module. Walk into the hall and continue through the study area. Turn the corner and walk into the next room that has a wrap around sofa and ceiling fan. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk straight into the office across from the bed area of the room. In the office take a right into the TV room. Stop once you are past the door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight. Pass the bed and continue straight until you get to the desk then turn right and wait near the tv. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and exit the room. Once in the pool room, walk past the pool and turn right. Walk into the doorway and stop facing the stairs, elevator and reception area. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk to the right of the pool and turn into room with the elevators and stop in the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Head to the opening leading to the pool and go around to the right of the pool then exit through the double doors to your right. Stop when the floor changes from tile to wood. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom. Turn left and go through the kitchen. Turn into the first doorway on the left. Stop outside the doorway to the long room with wine on the shelves. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk toward the built-in shelves.  Go left to exit the bedroom.  Then go to the left toward the kitchen.  Walk through the kitchen and enter the first doorway on your left.  Stop right next to the chair. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom to the door on the left. Take a left into the kitchen. Exit the kitchen to the first door on the left. Wait at the chairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Leave the laundry room. Go through the doorway to the left and wait by the end of the bed and backgammon board on a table. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the laundry room and turn right.  Walk into the bedroom and stand next to the bed and sitting area. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk out the door ahead and then turn right. Enter the doorway straight ahead. Walk across the bedroom and stop when you reach the table by the window. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go down the three steps next to you and continue forward until you can enter the room on your left with the double doors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Take a jaunt over to the massage room with the pillars and striped walls. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go down the steps and continue straight and then go left into the double doors and wait by the table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bathroom and walk straight past the bed.  At the foot of the bed turn right and stop near the two chairs just outside the bedroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom. Pass the bed and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and stop near the two black chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom and stop, next to the two black chairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go all the way up the stairs and then turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait by the white bed. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 walk up the stairs, turn right, walk up the rest of the stairs, enter the doorway on the left at the top of the stairs and stop in front of the bed. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs to the next floor and turn left. Wait at the foot of the bed. 
8WUmhLawc2A Head straight until you get to the closet and wait inside. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk past the bathtub then go into the walk in closet then stand in the middle of the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk straight across the room, passing the group of sinks on your left. Enter the walk in closet and wait. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom via the door. Take a left then enter the bedroom door to the right. Wait there. 
i5noydFURQK Go out of the bedroom with the rabbit ears mirror, toward a large picture of people at the beach, and stand in the doorway of another bedroom with a green chair, a mirror with a white frame,and three seats in front of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the room and turn left then turn right and go into the other bedroom. Wait at the entrance. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go downstairs until there's a few stairs left to go and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Follow the blue carpet until you see the stairs going down. Change direction there and move down the stairs. Keep going down the stairs until you reach the fifth stair from the floor. Stand on that fifth stair until you are instructed to move again. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left to go down the stairs. Wait on the fifth step to the bottom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the powder room then turn right and walk down the hall. Turn to your right and walk past the wine rack. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit bathroom, take a right, go slight right through the room, turn left and wait near the glass doors. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the bathroom, and go right. Take a right and head past the wine room. Stop once you are past the wine room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right and walk behind the long sectional. Turn right at the end of the counter to your right. Once in turn right and stop in the bar area. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the kitchen and turn right. Walk behind the couch and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Stop in the entryway of the bar. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the kitchen. Turn right. Enter the first doorway to the right leading to the bar area. Wait there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through the archway between the plant and the music instruments.  Then walk through the double doors and make a left at the archway, and come to some stairs that are going down.  Proceed down the stairs and stop when you get to the bottom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk from living room to hall, turn left and go down stairs. Stop at the bottom of stairs looking at exercise room. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through the doorway next to the saxophone and turn left. Go down the stairs and stop at the bottom of them. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk past the table towards the sitting area, turn left into the hallway and wait near the bottom of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Pass the table with the chairs then when you get to the beige couches turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Go up two steps then stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go along the table, through the archway, turn left through a pillared archway, and then turn left and go up a few steps and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go along the railing passed the stairs on your left and keep going straight until your in the middle of the hallway, then stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn away from the window and walk down the hall towards the staircase on your left.  Continue walking past the staircase, and past the picture on your left.  Stop when you are almost to the end of the set of long, narrow windows on your left, and before you get to the door on your right. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Take a right toward the staircase. Walk by the staircase and enter the corridor. Stop in the corridor before you reach the door on the right. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the room then turn right and go up the stairs. Wait on the last step to the top. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the bedroom. Go up the stairs to your right. Stop on the last stair. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit bedroom, and walk up stairs. Wait near the Jimmy Hendrix artwork at the top of the landing. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go down the walkway to the sitting room. Walk past the fireplace and wait in the archway to the dining room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Pass the two vases and then turn right and go into the living room walk all the way past the fireplace then turn left and wait near the white table with white chairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the hallway and turn right at the end of the couch.  Walk past the fireplace and turn left and stop inside the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right and go into the room turn left and walk past the wall with holes in it. Go out the glass doors on the right to go outside and then stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around. and then go out the door to your right. Once out the door turn left and walk past the chairs on the left and table and chairs on the right. Go out the wood petition and turn right. Go to the doors on your left leading outside and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go down the hall and into a dining area.  Go past the table and towards the back door, wait there facing outside. 
i5noydFURQK Walk by the glass door and turn right. Walk past the glass door and turn left. Stop in front of the dining room table. 
i5noydFURQK Turn left toward the patio doors. Take a slight right exiting kitchen area. Wait at the dining table. 
i5noydFURQK Finish going down the stairs then turn right and pass the kitchen then turn left and wait by the wood table with the white chairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go stand just outside the doorway to the balcony. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the kitchen area. Take a sharp right toward dining area. Walk by the Dining area. Exit to outdoor Patio area. Wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go between the couch and the counter towards the window and stop just outside the glass doors. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go straight. Pass the pool table then go right on the last door on the right and wait at the entrance of that room. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk forward, around the pool table on the right. Enter the bedroom that is the last door on your right. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the pool table and turn right when you get to the two chairs.  Walk towards the bedroom and stop in the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bedroom and take a right. Head down the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the top. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room using the door on the left then turn right and go down the stairs. Go down three steps then stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and head out the door of the bedroom on the left, take a right at the hallway. go to the end of the hall and take a right, keep going until you reach the top of the stairway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the door on the right side. Go straight past the pool table and past the stairs and wait there by the three light switches. 
vyrNrziPKCB Take a walk over the the long hallway with all the windows that is just past the pool table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the bathroom and through the bedroom. Turn left outside the bedroom and walk past the stairs. Walk through the entryway and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bathroom, walk past the kitchen and wait in the sitting area. 
sKLMLpTHeUy With the sink behind you, exit the bathroom and turn right into the kitchen. Continue forward with the kitchen island to your left until you reach the sliding doors slightly to your left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom, turn right and walk into the kitchen.  Walk past the kitchen island and stand near the patio doorway. 
EDJbREhghzL Head straight along the window and walk over to the bottom of the stairs in front of you. Once you are at the stairs keep walking past the stairs and down the hallway. Stop once the hallway opens up to a sitting area with a fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk through the living room and walk past the stairs. Go down the hallway and stop in the doorway to the sitting area with leather chairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Go left through the room, go straight towards the stairs, go passed the stairs on the right and go slightly left into the hallway, go through the hallway and wait near the first chair on your right. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk into the hallway and to the right. Wait in the doorway next to the bathroom, at the end of the hall. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk down the hallway toward a bathroom and another bedroom.  Stop inside the doorway to the right, the one with a bed in it. 
1LXtFkjw3qL You need to leave the bedroom and make a right turn in the hallway. Next, walk to the end of the hall to the bedroom that is to the right of the room with the large sink. When you get to the doorway of the bedroom stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk passed stairs into room on the right, stop at counter with books. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go straight past the stairs, walk all the way down the hall to the first door on the right.Go through it and stand net to the book on the counter. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk towards the pool, turn left towards stairs leading up, pass stairs and walk down hallway, turn right at the end and stop when you pass the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the room and into the bathroom. Stop just inside the doorway of the bedroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go through the study area to the door on the right. Go through the door and into the bathroom.  Turn left and wait the entrance to the bedroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room on the door to the right then turn left and go into the other room on the left. Wait by the bookcase on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk into the hall and turn right.  Then walk to the end of the hall.  Stand at the end of the hall. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right and wait at the end of the hall. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit empty office into hall, turn right, and walk to end of hall a T. Stop at T in hall. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk to the left of the washer and dryer. Walk past the oven and outside. Turn right and walk onto the patio. Stop just outside the doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn left and go across the kitchen and out the black door leading outside. Once outside, turn right and exit the enclosed area. Once you are on the wood area out side of the enclosed part stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bathroom and go left through the kitchen, go straight through the doorway, make a right towards outside and take a few steps onto the patio and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go into the room with the large blue rug and two round tables in the middle. Go stand outside the doorway to the left of the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the near doorway, make a left and go straight, keep left and go passed the stairs and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room and walk down the small hallway with a door on either side.  Walk into the room with a large round table in the middle of it.  Turn left and walk toward the staircase.  Go to the left of the staircase and stop in front of the archway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk straight across the room keeping the sliding door on the left. Turn left at the first kitchen island. Make the first right and wait in the bathroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the dining room. Make a left opposite the kitchen bar stools. Make a right through the open door after the thermostat on the wall to the right. Make a hard left onto the carpeted floor. Wait at the floor to ceiling mirror. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Enter the house and walk towards the kitchen. Take the left at the first kitchen counter. Take the first right and enter the bathroom. Take a left and stop in the doorway on the right in the closet. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hallway passed the curved reception desk. Continue down the hall past the pots on the ground and stop near the open glass door ways. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go along the right side of the desk, passed the pots, and stop before the glass doors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk down the hallway past the front desk in between the pots and stop by the glass doors. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go straight past the brown chairs, pass the grand piano, pass the first and second column and wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go through the room along the pillars and stop halfway between the last and second to last pillar. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Wait in between the two white pillars next to the brown couch. 
VLzqgDo317F turn around walk through the large doorway, stop near the fireplace. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room through the doorway on the same wall as the mirror. In the next room there is a large empty rectangular table in the middle. Stand on the far side of it, between it and the two chairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight into the door in the middle and wait by the fireplace. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and walk toward the opposite wall. Enter the doorway on the far left of the wall. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk in front of, and past the stairs. Turn into the last doorway on your right. Stop in the hall with a door on your right and left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Facing the side of the open staircase, go through the opening on the opposite wall from you and almost all the way to the left.Stop when you reach the four way intersection halfway between the room you just departed and the room ahead. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bedroom and turn right to head towards the stairs leading upwards. Climb the stairs and head straight down the hallway until you see some stairs ahead of you and to the left leading downwards. Stop at the top of those stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs. Wait down the hall and wait at the top of another set of stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bedroom and make a right into the hallway. Proceed up the small flight of stairs. Continue straight ahead until you reach another flight of stairs which will be on your left, wait there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk past the oven and the sink. Turn left and walk into the dining room. Stop in front of the dining room table. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Travel froward through the kitchen just past the sink,turn left through the small entrance and stand near the chairs and dining table. 
uNb9QFRL6hY walk straight away from the stairs through the kitchen, turn left after the wine fridge and stop before you make it to the table. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn left and face the yellow counter. Travel between the counter and the black table to the window. Turn right and travel to the fridge. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn left and head towards the yellow bar. Walk along the bar and then turn right and walk up up to the yellow refrigerator and stop. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk around the round table towards the kitchen counter. Turn right at the kitchen counter towards the refrigerator, and stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bathroom to enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom by turning right at the door. Stop in front of the pool table placed outside the room. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the bathroom and out of the bedroom. Stop in front of the pool table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit out the door to the left of the bathtub in front of you. Walk across the room and out the door on the right. Once out, stop before you reach the pool table. 
ZMojNkEp431 With the sinks to your left, move forward towards the stairs and climb them. Stop once you reach the top of the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk by the kitchen to the stairs. Walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and proceed through the kitchen then walk up the stairs.  Wait next to the mirror. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and exit the wood door  behind you and enter the kitchen. Once inside turn slightly right and walk through the kitchen and head down the hallway. Turn into the 2nd room on the right and stop in front of the washer and dryer. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the small kitchen then turn slightly right and go straight until you get to the glass sliding doors.When you pass the glass sliding doors on the left turn right and wait by the washer and dryer. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the kitchen and walk through the dining room and kitchen. Go straight and exit the kitchen. take the second right and enter the laundry room. Stop in front of the machines. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the room, and walk forward towards the living room. Keep going straight passing the sofas on the left towards the staircase on the right. Walk up the stairs, and stop at the fourth step. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bedroom. Walk forward so you are standing between the couch and the dinning table. Go to the stairs. Wait at the fourth stair from the bottom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk out the bedroom door toward the sitting area.  Walk past the kitchen towards the stairs that lead up.  Stop on the fourth step up. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go stand behind the first of three chairs at the kitchen bar. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Locate the sink. Go through the archway to the right of the sink. locate the candelabra. Travel along the candelabra wall to the brown chair at the end of a counter. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the bar area and take a left. Take a left behind the couch. Stop behind the first chair at the table. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk in between the area of the red sofa couch which will be on your right and a aluminum office wall which be on your left. Walk up the flight of stairs and wait in the room. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go straight and pass the purple and red couch then go up the stairs on the left and go into the room with the two red lounge chairs and wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk straight across the room, then turn left and ascend the stairs. Walk through the door at the top of the stairs. Enter the bedroom and stop there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Head into the sitting room and exit into the hallway. Turn right and wait inside the bedroom through the first door on the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk forward into the sitting room. Then turn left and walk into the hallway. Then turn right and walk forward to the first door on the left. Then step through the bedroom doorway and wait. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room using the door in the middle then turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn right and go into the door on the left that is straight across the green and brown cloth artwork on the right wall. Wait there near the fireplace. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk through the doorway on the left and turn right. Step into the doorway and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk out of the closet and turn left and walk out of the bedroom. Once out of the room, turn right and go into the laundry room and wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Enter the bedroom doorway. Locate the desk on the left and travel left of it until you reach the door on the left. Travel through the doorway and turn right. Stop at the entrance to the room with the washer and dryer. 
759xd9YjKW5 walk straight on the brick past the back of the couch, through the doorway onto hardwood, turn right and stop before the rug. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the living room passing the living room. Enter the sitting room through the first right after you are on the wood. Stop before you are on the carpet in front of the rug. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go to the doorway past the two lamps. Enter the room with the stairs and turn right. Go in to the room with the blue couch and stand at the edge of the rug. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the house and take a left. Go down the hallway and enter the bedroom through the door at the end. In the room take a left into the kitchenette. Stop in front of the mini-fridge. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and enter the house.  Turn to your left and walk down the hallway. Enter the guest bedroom and wait by the door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go inside the house and make a quick left into the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway until you pass through the open door directly at the end of the hallway. Upon entering the room, wait near the kitchen area to your left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn left. go down the hallway and wait under the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs With the office chair behind you, turn right and walk down the hallway.  Stop once you are underneath the "exit" sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk to the end of the hallway. Stand and the end, in the middle of the two hallways. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down hallway and turn left into laundry room. Stop at laundry machines. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the hallway. Walk past the chair and the railing. Turn right and walk into the laundry room and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk forward then turn left, stop at the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom area and turn left and stop in the doorway, near the bottom of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out walk straight into the dining room and then turn left at the double doors facing the stairs and sitting area. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bathroom and take the first left once you are in the main room. Stop in the doorway to the stair area. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk toward the end of the hall where there are lockers, a sink, and a seating area with stools. Turn left down the hall just before reaching that area. Continue down this hall until it turns left. Stand just inside of the first room on the right, with 3 white tables having 4 black chairs each. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall and turn left by the round pillar. Walk to the end of the hall and turn left just before the double doors and stop by the desk. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head down the corridor towards the two exit signs. turn left in front of the break room and go down the hall and step into the conference to the left of the exit sign. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go all the way up the stairs and turn into the first door on the left. Stop outside of the bathroom, the first door on the left in the long hall. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go upstairs, turn right and go upstairs, turn into the leftmost doorway, take a few steps and then stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Finish going up the stairs then go left into the hallway and wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight passed the sink on the left, passed the dining table on the right, make a left and wait near the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Head straight. Pass the kitchen and then pass the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and wait near the stairs and the blue painting of a face. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the living area and go toward the dining table. Continue forward toward the stair case. Turn left and go toward the painting on the wall. Stop there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk across the kitchen towards the table. Walk to the left of the table out of the room. Then turn right and stop at the bottom of the steps. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the kitchen and exit to left towards the french doors.  Then go right and wait and the bottom of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the kitchen past the oven and sink.  Turn left at the table and chairs and through the doorway.  Go up the stairs and stop on the second step. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go inside past the long glass table and turn left through the doorway to the left of the table with the horse statue on it. Stop a couple of feet past the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk straight past the chairs on the right and the table with chairs on the left. At the end of the table turn left and enter the doorway. Stop once inside the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk inside and around the screen.  Walk around the dining table and turn left at the table with the horse statue on it and go through a doorway.  Stop just after stepping through the doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk toward the refrigerator and turn right. Walk out of the kitchen and past the dining room table. Stop on the first step of the stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the kitchen and take a left. Go to the stairs and go up one stair. Stop on the first stair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the kitchen, and go left. Go up the stairs. Stop on the firs stair. 
i5noydFURQK Head upstairs and turn right at the end of the hall. Wait in the office at the end of the second hallway. 
i5noydFURQK Go up all of the stairs and past the pictures on the wall down the hallway and bast a ledge with pictures and a plant, and wait at the doorway of a room with greenish gold chairs at a table. 
i5noydFURQK Travel up the stairs. At the top make a left and go down the hallway to the door on the right. Go through the door and into the room with two green chairs. Stop after going through the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk toward the pool when you get to the pool turn left and head toward the house. Go into the house using the double glass doors then wait by the large table with chairs and the chandelier. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk toward the pool. Go inside through the door close to the pool with two chairs on either side of it. Continue straight and stop once you get to the long wooden dining table with six chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk in the direction of the pool. Enter the first door on the left of the pool. Stop behind the first chair at the end of the table. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Leave the bedroom. In the hall go to the stairs. Go up two stairs and stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Head out the door in front of you and down the hallway. Once you reach the stairs on your left, stop at the bottom facing up. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk out oft the bedroom. Walk up to the second step and stop. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward to the area with the doors. Enter the bedroom through the first door on your right. Stop once you have passed the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk across the room to the area under the balcony with all the doors. Enter the first door on the right. Stop once inside the bedroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk across the room and into the area with all the doors under the loft. Enter the door on the far right and stop once you reach the bed. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the hallway and to the right. Walk left down the hall and turn right. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go  right and turn right at the hallway, take another right and you are in another hallway, keep going and take a right, go to the end bedroom and stop when you through the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave dining room to hall way, turn right at pictures of kids on the wall to bedroom. Stop next to guitar. 
1pXnuDYAj8r After you leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom turn left and walk out the bedroom. When you are in the hallway make a left and walk to the second room on the right. Now go into the room and wait just inside the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go through the bedroom and into the hallway. Wait in the room across the hall from the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the bedroom door. Turn left and go straight to the sink. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and go through the door between two paintings. 
ZMojNkEp431 With the projection screen to your right, go forward towards the desk marked by the "host" sign above it with an arrow pointing downwards. Continue past that desk until you see a nook with a couple of green chairs and a hammock towards your left. Head towards the hammock and stop just before getting on the carpet. 
ZMojNkEp431 So stand next to the hammock and two green chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Make a left and head towards the area in between a brown wooden box which will be on your left and a tan table which will be on your right. Following that, there will be a glass windows to your left, continue walking until you see a sign directly above you that is shaped like a down arrow and has host posted on it. Make an immediate left and wait in the area near the hammock. 
29hnd4uzFmX You need to leave the room with the water tanks and make a right just outside the door. When you get next to the sink wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go down the hall and turn right then stop next to the kitchen sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight and exit the room then turn right and wait by the kitchen sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom and go straight down the hall. Wait in front of the office on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom into the hall and stop in the room through the first door on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go through bedroom, turn left through the doorway, go through the hallway a couple of steps and then turn right into the black doorway and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk towards the narrow doorway, directly to the right of the wall painting and wait near the first door that you see on your left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the couches and the television. Stop just inside the hallway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the living room and enter the hallway. Wait near the glass door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk through the bathroom and turn right. Walk left past the couch, table, and chairs. Stop behind the chairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bathroom door, and turn right into the living room.  Walk towards the tree statue and wait in front of the door leading outside. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk through the bathroom.  Then enter the hallway and turn right.  Walk into the living room, turn left and head towards the kitchen. Stand near the patio doors. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk in the direction of the refrigerator, and take a right past the stove. Walk across the hall into the bathroom. Stop in front of the credenza. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go straight passed the stoves on the right, at the fridge make a right and go through the two doorways and wait. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk to the refrigerator and turn right.  Walk into the hallway and straight into the room on the opposite side.  Stop just after stepping into this room, in front of the mirror. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the stairs and take a right. Take a right at the second arch past the sink. take a left and stop in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the steps then turn right and  go straight past the round table after you pass the round table turn right between the large white marble pot on the left and the fake sink on the right. Then turn left wait near the black and red carpet. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk up stairs, and turn towards the round table in the center of the room. Make a right. Walk through the archway, to the left of the white pedestal with sink handles and a faucet on top. Make a left just before the hall mirror. Wait at the entrance to the hallway. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom and turn right. Continue straight across the glass floor into the narrow hallway. Wait in front of the bedroom on the right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom into the hallway, turning to the right after you exit. Continue forward, walking over the transparent glass section of the floor and continue into the narrow hallway on the opposite wall. At the end of the hallway, go into the room on your right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom through the door on the left. Turn right and go forward to the landing. Continue forward and enter the little corridor. Enter the bedroom on the right. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit bathroom, go passed bed, turn left at brown double doors and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom. Go stand in the bedroom doorway. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom to the sitting room next door.  Turn left and go towards the door into the hallway.  Stop in this doorway with some flowers in front of a mirror to your right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go to the main entrance by the staircase and take a left. Go into the living room with the mirror. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk across the room toward the winding stairs going up. Turn right before the stairs. Go through the double doors and into the living area with a blue sofa. Stop next to the white chair with a blue pot next to it. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk behind the couch and past the chair. Walk through the room with the stairs and right through the double doors. Stop in front of the coffee table. 
EDJbREhghzL Go straight. pass the dog and the stairs. Go straight through the hallway until you see a fireplace on the right then stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the stairs and to the left of the double doors. Walk down the hallway and stop in front of the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left and walk down the hall. Take a right at the blue chairs and wait in front of the fireplace. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go out of the bathroom, straight through the hallway, go into the first door on the right and wait just inside the bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out of the bathroom. Walk through the hallway past the end table. Turn right and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom then go straight down the hallway. Turn right and go into the bedroom and wait by the bed. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the bedroom through the doorway. Walk across the room to the balcony and wait behind the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the bathroom and take a left. Exit the bedroom and go onto the balcony. On the balcony stop once you pass the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk straight ahead and into the bedroom. Go across the bedroom and stop behind the couch facing outside. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left and go up the steps then turn right and wait at the entrance by the sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go through the near archway and make an immediate left up up the stairs, go through the hallway, make a right into the bathroom doorway and wait. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the stairs. Stop at first doorway on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the empty room and take a left. Wait next to the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Head in to the hall and down the corridor on the left. Wait by the fire extinguisher. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office then turn left and go al the way down the hallway until you get to the exit sign and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave the bedroom and go into the dining room. Walk to the stairs and go up. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk into the dining room on the left. Walk across the left side of the dining room, then turn right and start walking up the staircase. Stop at the fifth stair. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Keep walking forward towards the staircase on the right. Walk up the staircase, and stop at the fourth stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Leave the kitchen heading to the wine rack. Take the first left which takes you into the dining room. Stop behind the second chair on the right of the table. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the kitchen by turning left into the dining room. Wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Pass the sink and the fridge and then turn left and go into the room with the large table and chairs. Wait by the painting of the vase and flowers on the right wall. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk towards the staircase and at the bottom, turn right and walk to the front door.  Go through the door and step outside. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go into the room with the large open staircase ahead of you and to the left. Once inside that room, turn right and head to the center doors on the wall opposite the staircase. Go through those exit doors and stop halfway between the doors and the four pillars ahead of you. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward and make a right towards the chairs. Stay at the center of the huge carpet, and walk forward towards the open door and exit the door. Stand on the tiles outside the door, and stop there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom passing by the foot of the bed and the mirror.  Stop just after passing through the doorway out of the bedroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight to exit the bathroom then exit the bedroom and wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom and walk out of the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom and the hallway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go to the end of the hallway. Turn left and continue until you get to the bathtub. Continue past the tub and enter the door on the right into the room with the treadmill. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk down the hallway and turn left. Walk forward into the room with the soaking tub. Walk through the room and turn right. Wait just inside the exercise room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk into the hallway ahead passing the shoe rack. Walk down the hall and turn the corner. Continue down the hallway into a bathroom area. Walk past the bathtub and continue through the open door into a fitness area. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom. Go into the open large area and go stand at the bottom of the stairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk into the main room. Walk across the room and and to the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the bathroom passed the wooden bathroom stalls. Walk out into the large open room. Walk towards the stairwell on the opposite side of the room straight ahead near a sign that says coat room on the adjacent doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go through the kitchen and turn right into the room and make a sharp right and go through the door to the outside a few steps and wait. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out of the kitchen and take a right. Take another right and go outside. Stop once you are off the rug outside. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Leave the kitchen area and turn right at the desk and chair.  Turn right again and walk out the front door.  Stop after you step off the mat. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward, between the two office desks until you reach the white sofa. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight past the office space.  Wait by the stairs next to the couch. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go straight and pass the desk on the left that has an iMac then wait at the top of the steps by the sign. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up the stairs then turn left and stand by the fridge. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up the stairs and then walk the length of the couch.  Walk past the dining area and into the kitchen.  Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go upstairs, go straight passed the couch on the right, make a slight left towards the fridge and wait near the fridge. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go down the stairs and stop. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go down the stairs and stop after stepping off the last step. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight and pass the chairs and the large mirror on the right then turn right and head toward the stairs. Wait on the second step to the top. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk forward, past the sitting area and follow the red carpet into the next room. Following the red carpet, turn right and then left. Wait at the top of the stairs on the right. 
VLzqgDo317F Go into the next room with the lit chandelier. Go to the top of the staircase in that room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room then turn right. Turn left and then left again. Go straight until you see double doors on your left and go into that room. Wait there near the first table. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk forward to the open door way on your left. Walk through the doorway and then turn left. Walk past the long white table on your left. When you reach the long white table on your right, turn left and enter the dining room and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go out of the bathroom and go into the large room with the stairs.  Wake until you see a doorway to a room with many round tables and chairs and two large wooden doors.  Wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the steps and make a sharp turn left. Walk down the steps and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go all the way down the stairs and stop once you reach the bottom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs to the next floor. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Locate the stairs. Travel up the stairs to the second landing. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Start up the stairs. Stop at the second break in the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go forward turn left and left again and go up the stairs to the second flat and then stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and go straight out the door then turn right and go into the next door room. Wait near the clear glass furniture. 
r47D5H71a5s Go through the doorway, make two rights through the doorway, go into the room and wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the locker room and take a right, and then another right. Wait just inside the room with the small beds inside. 
sKLMLpTHeUy With the glass windows and doors showing the outside to your left, move forward on the wooden flooring until the kitchen island is to your left. Turn right and go to the top of the stairs that lead downwards. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight and pass the glass table with chairs on the left. Then as you are passing the bar with the chair/stools on the left turn right and go down three steps of the stairs then stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Facing the glass table, go right through the way, turn right after the oven. Go down the stairs a few steps and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bathroom and bedroom. Take the first left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Exit the room sing the door on the left. Then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and exit the bathroom and walk into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom exit out the door to the left. Then enter the door to the left and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Leave the bedroom and take a left. Go down the hallway that runs along the stairs. At the end of the stairs take a right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs down the hall. Turn left at the end of the hall and walk into the bedroom on the far right. Stop just inside the doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the room out the door in front of you. Once out turn left and walk down the hallway to the left of the stairs. Turn right at the end of the hallway and enter the room with the desk and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk around the dining table to the left. Walk straight down the hallway and turn left. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Wait in the closet doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk between the table and counter, turn left at the glass doors and go towards the bed and stop midway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the kitchen toward the wine room. Enter the bedroom on the left of the wine room enter the closet. Stop in the closet doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the toilet room. Go toward the bathtub. Turn right. Exit the bathroom. Go straight ahead toward the double doors. Go through the double doors toward the couch. Stop there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom, go through the white double doors on the right, take a step in and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bathroom, and go straight in the hall. Take the last right and enter the living room. Stop next to the first set of three shelves on the right. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk into the bedroom, around the bed, and stop right next to the open doorway. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk around the bed and to the bathroom. Stop on the other side of the sliding door. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go straight and pass the bed. Then go left and exit the room. Wait by the beige couches. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Enter the attic and stop in the middle of the room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bedroom, and wait in the unfinished room on the right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and take a right into the unfinished room. Wait in the unfinished room. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk past the dining room table and the television. Make a sharp turn left through the doorway and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk past the dining room table into the living room. Take a left out of the living room and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk through the dining area passed the dining table with blue vases on top. Continue through the next room passed the television and through the open entryway on the other side. Turn the corner and begin to walk up the stairs opposite the front door to the home. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn to the left and follow stone path past the pool. Enter the house and wait by the door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN With the pool on your left walk forward. Enter the house and stop once you are inside the bedroom on the other side of this door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk forward passing the pool on the left. Go through the door and wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the steps in front of you. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink facing the mirror. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs and turn left at the crossroads.  Go into the bedroom and go to the foot of the bed before turning left.  Enter the bathroom and stop in front of the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk forward and enter the bedroom on your left.  Then walk in to the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the room going past the counter and the white chairs. Stop on the PGI doormat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight out the double doors and out to the patio. Wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the kitchen and onto the patio. Stop on the PGI rug outside of the door. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go upstairs, go passed the stairs and table on your left, go left at the fridge, go into the doorway and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs, then continue straight into the kitchen. Turn left by the refrigerator and wait in the next room by the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the steps then continue straight until you get to the kitchen. When you get to the fridge turn left and go into the room. Wait near the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the room then go right and pass the stairs. Go right and into the kitchen. Wait by the small painting on the wall on the right. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bedroom. Go into the kitchen and stop next to the painting of a lake and mountain. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bedroom, and take a right. Enter the kitchen and walk past the first counter. Stop next to the dishwasher on the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight and then turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn right and go straight until you pass the double glass doors then turn right into the laundry room and wait by the washer and dryer. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past the chairs with straw seats to the end of the hall and turn left. Go into the kitchen and turn right. Walk down the hallway, past the glass doors, and turn right into the laundry room. Stop in front of the washer and dryer. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk down the hall and through the open door at the end into a kitchen area. Walk through the kitchen past the counter top and into the hall in the corner near the refrigerator. Walk down the hall past the paintings. Walk into the room with a washer and dryer. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room through the door on the right, go down the steps, and turn left through the glass doors into the wine cellar and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room, make an immediate left at the glass door and wait inside the wine Cellar. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk toward the bench and turn right.  Walk through the door way, and walk down the steps. Turn left into the wine cellar. Stop in front of the boxes. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the dining room and towards the tub.  When you reach the tub, turn left and walk down the room past the sinks and dining table until you reach the other tub on the other end of the room.  Turn left at the tub and stop in the doorway of the sitting room. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit through the open doors and turn left. Continue straight past the table and bath tub. Enter the room on the left and wait by the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the room and take a left. Head through the dining room and enter the door on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk through the living room and take a right. Walk down the hall and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Take a left into the kitchenette. Stop in front of the mini-fridge. 
1pXnuDYAj8r With your back to the nearest corner of the room, head towards the base of the staircase in front of you. Continue on the wooden flooring past the staircase and go through the door opening ahead of you. Stop in front of the dishwasher in the kitchenette to your left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk toward the stairs. Pass the stairs and enter the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Stop in front of the mini-fridge on the left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Enter and the large room, walking to the right of the long wooden table with several lamps on it. Walk directly straight ahead through the door in front of you. Then continue and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go straight across the dining room into the beige doorway and then straight again into a second doorway and a bedroom and then stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk straight across the room and stop in the door way. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go straight and pass the stairs on your left. Then as soon as you pass the TV on your left turn slightly right and stand near the white bookshelf. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk away from the desk with the laptop on it. Stop next to the black chair on the far end of the long wooden table with a single plant on it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk along the very long dining table into the middle of the room and wait. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the pantry through the door on the left. Walk into the dining room and take a right. Walk to the door to the outside and stop with stairs on either side of you. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the room, walk towards the exit and wait at the top of the staircases. 
2n8kARJN3HM turn left, then go right, stop near the doormat near the house door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the couch and through the kitchen. Continue on into the hallway on the right and turn left. Enter the theater room at the end of the hall and wait by the door, near the screen. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the ovens and turn left. Wait beneath the movie screen. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go towards the single oven and make a left, go towards to the double oven and make a right, then at the intersection take a left, then go to the brown doorway and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down both sets of stairs. Wait by the blue couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down the stairs then continue straight and turn left to go down the other stairs and stop when you get to the bottom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down the stairs. Stop on the floor below once you are off the stairs. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and turn right. Wait next to the counter with the bamboo plant. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk across the hall and stop just inside the hallway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the closet and take a right. In the hall take a left and go down the hall on the far left. Stop next to the gray plate on the credenza. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the stairway, towards the long glass table.  Enter the room perpendicular to the glass table by turning left.  Wait beside the table. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the stairs and wait in the office, across from the dining area. 
aayBHfsNo7d With the sofa behind you, take a right until you see a little black desk on your left. Go and stand in front of the black desk. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk up the stairs and take a left. Enter the bedroom on the right. Wait in the entrance of the bathroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go upstairs, turn left and then turn right into the nearest doorway to the right, enter the bedroom and go straight then turn left into the doorway and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Continue up the steps and turn left at the top. Go down the hallway and turn right into the last door on the right. Once in the room turn left and cross the room. Once across, turn left and stop at the door leading to the bathroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go up the stairs then U turn right and go straight. Wait near the table and sofa chairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Continue up the steps. At the top, turn around and walk along the railing. At the end of the railing, stop to the table with grey chairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Finish walking up the last few steps and turn right. Walk past the stair railing and counter, into the large living room. Wait by the chair at the closest end of the table. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk forward and turn into the first door on the right. Wait in the doorway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom, turn left down the hallway and go into the opening to the right of the black chairs and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the doorway on your right and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and turn left into a hallway. Walk to the end of the hall and turn right into another hallway. Walk to the end of that hall and stop in the last doorway on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn left. Go forward down the hallway. Follow the hallway around to the right. Continue forward past the three pictures on the left wall. Stop at the first door on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out of the bathroom and through the door on the left. Walk to the end of the hallway. Turn right and continue down the rest of the hallway. Stop in the doorway on the left at the end of the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk to the foot of the bed and walk right.  Go through the door on the right and walk down the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of the second door from the end of the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and walk into the room. Turn right and head towards the glass doors. Turn right and exit the room. Go down the hallway and enter the onto the wood floor. Go past the double doors on the right and then stop at the next door on the right. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the closet and bedroom and go into the hallway. In the hall go straight and down the stairs. Turn right at the last door on the right which enters a bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the dining area, and head to the kitchen. Enter area left of the kitchen which also has a stove. Stop in front of the jar of marshmallows. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and enter the kitchen area. Turn left into the room with the cabinets and cupboards and wait there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go past the table and chairs and go straight slightly right. Pass the bar with the stool/chairs and then turn left and stand near the stove. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk inside through the doorway nearest to the outside TV. Then turn left into the bedroom next to the foosball table. Stop a couple of feet inside. 
vyrNrziPKCB Head left, past the couches and through the set of double doors.  Wait by the doorway immediately next to the foosball table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Pass the patio couches and then go into the double glass doors on the right. Go into the room on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bedroom and walk down the hallway until you see two double doors on your right. Make a quick left and wait at the top of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the room using the door on the right then go straight down the hallway until you get to the stairs turn left and go down the stairs. Go down three steps then stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 While facing the painting, go left.  When you reach the mirror, turn right.  Walk straight down the hallway until you are near the top of the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop on the second step from the top. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the room and head to the left. Enter the massage room second on the left. Stop at the foot of the massage beds. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and exit the door. Once out turn left and walk forward. Enter the 2nd door on the left. Stop when you reach the 2 table beds. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then go straight and enter the second door on the left. Wait by the two beds. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Move past the glass desk and exit the room, Wait in the hallway next to the portrait of a man with a guitar. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Leave the office and enter the hall. In the hall stop in front of the bathroom door on the right. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk out the open door, and wait beside the black bench on your left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the room and walk straight across the next room. Wait in front of the bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn to your left and exit the room. Go across the next room and enter the door straight across. Stop once you enter the bathroom door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the salon and walk past the table. Go through the door straight across. Stop in the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room through the closest door and turn right. Go into the neighboring room and stop next to the glass shelf, empty aside from the base of five flowers on top. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and then turn right on the second door and wait by the glass furniture. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the locker room, and take a right. Enter the massage room through the last door on the right. Stop next to the door. 
VLzqgDo317F Go left to go into the room with crowd control ropes. Walk to the top of the staircase. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room into the room on the left, turn right and then left and go to the top of the stairs and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room through the doors to the left of the fireplace. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room. Go forward toward the plant right of the staircase. Turn right after passing the double doors. Turn into the first door on the left leading to a restroom. Stop there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the pantry and head right, past the stairs. Continue following the hall to the right, past the outside entry and table. Turn right, before the tree, and wait in the bathroom entry on the left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the pantry, walk past the stairs and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn around and follow the cement hallway to the left. Enter through the door on the right and wait in the room, next to standing roll of paper and paint supplies. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk across empty room and turn left down hall. Turn right and stop next to construction material. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn around and walk towards the wall ahead and then turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn in the first door to your right. Stop once you enter the room. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hall, away from the flowerpot in front of the mirror on the wall. Stop next to the chair just inside the doorway of the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the hall past the reading nook and bathroom. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the hallway. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the room then turn left and go straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the entrance. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room and go straight toward the couch and stop there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room and walk to the couch. Stop in front of the right side of the couch. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room and walk into the bigger area.  Stop between the guitar and the couch. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room through the doorway to the left of the mirror on the wall. Continue straight into the next room and stop when you get to the empty table in the middle of the room. 
VLzqgDo317F Enter the room straight ahead and wait next to the table. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk over the red velvet rope and into the room with the large hanging chandelier. Walk over the next velvet rope, and wait beside the table in the center of the room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go straight and through the white trimmed archway. Go into the kitchen, turn right to go out of the kitchen, turn left before the black table and go into the brown doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go past the white chairs on the left and into the kitchen. Right before you get to the fridge turn right and then turn left and wait right by the door on the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk around the wooden table and continue past the chairs and shelves. Walk past the kitchen counters and exit through the entry on the right. Turn left and wait in front of the outside doorway, by the mirror. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go straight past the living room on your right. Go into the hall at the end of the hall. Take a right  in a hall, and take a left into a bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 With the windows showing the pool outside to your left, walk forward, through the opening at the end of the hallway, then take a sharp right turn through a doorway onto carpeting. After you step onto the carpeting, enter the bedroom towards your immediate left. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past the pool and through the doorway. Go down the hall on the right and stop in the bedroom on the left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and walk straight out the door into the hallway. Once in the hallway turn left and then walk forward. When the room opens up, walk right and stop facing the glass table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom into the hall with the wooden floor. Head toward the kitchen. Stop between the kitchen island, glass dining table, and door going outside. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom using the door straight ahead then turn left and then turn right and wait by the glass table with fancy chairs. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk to the refrigerator. Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk around the kitchen island. Wait in front of the refrigerator. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go through the kitchen, make a left towards the fridge, and stop at the fridge. 
rPc6DW4iMge With the deck behind you, walk all the way down the right side of the room, passing couches and a fireplace.  Stop after you pass the final couch and are in front of the white door. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk straight through the living room and passing the fireplace on the right. Stop in front of the door after you pass the couch. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight and pass the fireplace and all the couches then stop at the very end right in front of the door. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the door to the left of the fireplace. Take a slight right to walk up the stairs. Wait on the first landing of the red stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk out the door to your right. Once out turn right and go up the white stairs. Once at the top of the white stairs turn right and go up the red stairs. Stop at the top of the first set of red stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the open door and turn right. Walk up the stairs. Walk up more stairs to the right. Wait at the first landing. 
i5noydFURQK Go towards the beach sign, right at the doorway, then right before the bed and passed the bed and green chair and into the archway then stop. 
i5noydFURQK Walk toward the picture of the beach and turn right into the bedroom. Go stand just inside the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Walk towards the painting and turn right into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and wait in the bathroom. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Go between the red chairs in the center of the chamber, make a right before the stage, go straight passed the marble pillar and then go into the right far corner of the room and stop. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk toward the alter and then to the right. Walk past the wooden pews and the column. Walk toward the left corner of the room by the table and stop. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn left and go past all the pink chairs on the right then turn right and go straight and then turn slightly left and wait in that left corner by the last pink chair. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Head straight and go up the stairs on the far left. Go up four steps then stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk up the stairs that are on the right after the couches. Wait on the fourth step. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn right and walk across the room to the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop halfway up. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and walk towards the white chair on the left. Take a left when you reach the chair When you reach the second set of stairs on the left that go up, wait on the first step. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and walk through the doorway where there is a single white chair. Once you reach the chair, turn left and head down the hallway. Once you at the end of the hallway, turn left and stop on the bottom step. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the dining room and head toward the stairs. Keep going past the stairs and stop on the first step of the three steps leading into the hall to the left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go straight and then after you pass the stairs go straight into the hallway and wait right by the painting with the small gazebo in the garden. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk forward with the banister on your right. Follow the hallway right. Stop in the hall outside of the bedroom which is the first door on the right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk past the large painting and door on the left.. Wait in the hall in front of the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight past the jacuzzi and then after you pass the red chair on the right side stop by the stairs and the Marilyn Monroe art on the left wall. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go out of the bedroom and into the hallway.  Walk until you reach the bottom of the stairwell. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn to the right and wait at the bottom of the stairs next to the picture of Marilyn Monroe. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight down the hallway until you get to the door on the end. Wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bedroom and walk down the hall. Wait in front of the door directly ahead. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bedroom and walk straight down the hall. Stop before you go through the door at the end of the hall. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom and turn right after leaving. Continue past the room that has the "Christmas" sign above it and continue to the door with the "Office" sign hanging to the left. Turn ninety degrees to the left and step onto the wooden floor stopping about midway between the carpet behind you and the fireplace in front of you and to the left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom and then the bedroom, walk along the balcony, at the armoire turn left and stop near the blue chair. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the room and take a right. At the end of the hall take a left. Stop on the left of the first plaid recliner. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left after the bed. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom on the left. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Pass the bed then turn left and continue straight until you get to a door on the left. Go into the bathroom and wait by the toilet. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk to the other side of the room and out the entryway past the couch. Turn left and enter the bathroom and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward to the two exercising machines. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk toward the pool. Stop next to the treadmill. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight until you get to the treadmills then stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom, continue past the bed and television until you exit the bedroom, wait in the doorway to your left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and walk straight across the bedroom. Wait at the door that leads outside. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and walk through the bedroom. Then stand near the entrance of the front door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight down the hall with the paintings. Continue straight to the door on the right and wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight then slightly left to continue straight. Then pass the three lounge chairs and go into the door on the right straight ahead. Wait at the entrance. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn right and wait in the doorway of the women's bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs. Turn right and walk into the ktichen area. Stop between the kitchen island and the gray rug. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the bathroom, past the stairs and glass doors, and the dining table to another long counter  Wait at the other end. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the wine cellar and take a right. Take another right. Pass the dinning table and walk into the kitchen. Wait next to the gray carpet. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Face the open door. Turn right and walk into the dining area. Next, turn left and walk past the wooden lattice structure. Wait by the thermostat on the wall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right then turn left and go past the wall with the holes and wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the little hall into the main room and stand at the end of the room divider. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Take a left at the couch and go up the stairs. Walk through the kitchen and into the hallway. Stop outside of the door on the right after you exit the kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Climb the two steps behind the couch and continue forward into the kitchen. Once in the kitchen, walk around the central island, keeping it to your left, and exit the kitchen through the opening to the right of the refrigerator. Stop just outside the kitchen with the sliding glass doors leading outside to your left and the door leading towards a bedroom to your right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk into the kitchen and turn left past the kitchen island. So under the arched doorway and stop outside the first doorway on the right, next to a small countryside painting on the wall. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go straight past the couches and the white chair and go out the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go past the table and chairs and head toward the stairs. When you get to the stairs go into the room on the right and wait by the desk. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the sitting room through the right door. Walk right and go in the direction of the stairs. Take a right into the office at the bottom of the stairs. Stop once you pass the the doors. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the dining area and stop in the office next to the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up the stairs and go straight. Take a left into the kitchen at the end of the living room. Stop in the kitchen doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 proceed up the stairs, curve right walk up last steps onto hardwood floor, continue straight and stop in the doorway on left. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk up stairs. Walk past the back of the sectional sofa on the right. Wait at the threshold of the dining room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go straight and pass the stairs going up. Head toward the stairs going down and go down the steps. After you go down turn left and wait by the table and chairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk around the circular glass panels to the right and continue down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn left and wait in front of the glass table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh With the window to your right, head forward to the stairs leading down. Climb down to the bottom of those stairs and then at the bottom, turn left and take three more steps downwards. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and go down the hallway behind you. Continue down the hallway and stop in front of the ledge with the statue. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight down the hallway and wait near the small statue on the right ledge. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight passed the front door on your left, and stop under the big circle light in the ceiling. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the bedroom, walk down the hall and wait inside the laundry room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Wait just inside the laundry room that is on the left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Enter laundry room through the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall toward the exit sign. When the hall opens to the right and left, turn left and stop next to the near red seat. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall towards the exit sign. Wait in the sitting area on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward down the hallway. Wait near the first red sofa on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the room out the last door on your right. Once out, turn left and then right. Follow the hallway and enter the next white door on your right. Enter the hallway and stop beside the entrance to the storage room with drawers. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk across the hall  and through the single door on the left. Go through the door and wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the bedroom. Walk into the room that has a picture of a cheetah to the left of the doorway and wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bathroom and closet. Stop in the bedroom next to the first arm chair. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom through the door nearest the bathtub. Turn into the first bedroom on the left and stop next to the nearest chair by the fireplace. 
ULsKaCPVFJR With the bathtub to your left, exit the bathroom, and turn left into the next room on your left. 
i5noydFURQK Walk down the steps past the glass door and turn right. Walk past the sliding glass door and turn left. Stop by the dining room table and chairs. 
i5noydFURQK Continue walking down the stairs, and walk straight ahead towards the sliding glass door in front of you.  Turn right at the end of the breakfast bar, and walk with the bar stools on your right and the sliding glass door on your left.  Walk up to the kitchen table on your left, and when you are standing next to it, stop there. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and go to the bottom of the steps. Walk into the kitchen and turn right. Walk along the bar and then turn left and stop to the left side of the table. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and exit the door behind you. Once out turn left and go across the room. Stop before you reach the pool with the wood door to your left. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then turn left and head straight. Pass the treadmills then stop right before getting to the pool. 
r47D5H71a5s Head toward the pool. Stop between the treadmill and the pool. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the pantry and take a right in front of the stairs. Veer right around the door and head to the far sitting area. Stop next to the cow print ottoman. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right. Turn right again at the stairs. Go to the right of the double doors. Wait next to the footrest with the cow fur on it. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right and exit the room. Once you reach the stairs, turn right and walk towards the double wood doors. Once you reach the doors, turn right and enter the next room. Once inside, turn left and walk over to the sitting area. Stop once you reach the black and white square on the floor. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the stove. Enter the dining room across and stop next to the table on the right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and exit the kitchen and living area. Enter the dining room and wait next to the table with the lamp on it. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go between the couch and the counter, into the big archway, and then straight into the smaller archway, take a step in and then stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T With your back towards the sliding glass doors, walk behind the white couch and exit the room. Continue to the base of the stairs leading upwards and climb them. After climbing four steps and reaching the top, turn left and climb five more steps. Enter the room that's ahead of you and just past the foot of a longer flight of stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn to the right and walk up the stairs. Walk up one set of stairs on the left and walk into the living area. Wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Enter the living room and go up the stairs to the kitchen. Take a left and go up the stairs to the landing and go straight. Stop once you are past the door into this room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the house and walk up three stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go inside the house in the middle way, passed the white couch and black table, go up the white stairs and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the white couch inside of the house.  Walk in between the table and the couch to the top of the three stairs, then wait. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk around the marble table and exit through the double door on the right. Stand in the hallway, just past the doorway and in front of the light on the wall. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and go across the room and exit the large double wood doors. Stop once you are outside of the room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and stop just outside the door in the hallway, next to the lamp on the wall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go past the couches and then when you get to the table and chairs turn right and go straight until you pass the stairs on the right. Turn left and wait by the entrance. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the kitchen through the door on the right. Walk down the hall and enter the office through the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go towards the fireplace and then take left and go straight until you see an archway on the right and go through that, go straight through the room, when you pass some stairs on your right there's an office room to the left, take a step into that room and stop. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk straight, and when you reach the end of the table turn right.  Wait by the brass chairs. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn right. Take another right after the white chairs and wait next to the counter with the bar stools. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn right. Go across the room and stop at the middle bar stool. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go out the room then go into the room straight ahead and then wait by the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bathroom and wait in the bedroom straight across the landing. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the far doors on the left. Go straight. Wait in the bedroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go across the room and exit to the left out the double doors. Once out, go straight across and follow the hallway to the door on the other end. Stop once in the bedroom with the small bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk into the living room and leave through the door on the left. Walk down the hall straight ahead. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bedroom and turn right. Turn left and wait next to the small table with the plant on it. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the room then turn right and then turn left. Pass the glass table with the fancy chairs and wait near the round table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and go forward a few steps and turn left to exit into the hallway. Once in the hallway turn right to enter the large room. Once in the large room, turn left and walk towards the large table with no chairs in front of the door leading outside. Stop once you reach the rug the table is on. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Head straight and exit the room then turn right  and turn right again and stop near the white couches. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the room, make a right, and another right, into the room with the three chandeliers, and stop before you get to the couch. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk forward and take the first right then immediately take another right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Enter the building, walk past the fireplace and stairs. Stop in the corridor, near the coat room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Enter and go straight. Go past the bar and keep going straight. Step off the wood floor onto the stone and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk into the room, and go straight. Walk pass the white table, and stairs. Stop once you step onto the tile from the wood floor. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave the bathroom and walk down the hallway past the two chairs.  Turn left after passing the second chair and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn right and exit out the door. follow the hallway. Once you pass the 2 brown chairs, turn left and stop before you enter the bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room and go straight through the room, go into the doorway that is just passed the two black chairs and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go inside and through the doorway to the right of the blue painting, and stop after a few feet, to the side of the oven. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the large black rectangular table, then continue past it into the hallway. Wait near the kitchen. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the building and past the dining room table and chairs. Walk into the next room and stop in front of the glass windows. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Facing the front door, go slight right into the archway to the left of the fridge, turn right into the bathroom, then turn left, then facing the mirror go into the doorway to the right and then stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the island and down the hall. Turn right and walk into the bathroom. Turn left and stop in the doorway to the right of the mirror. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk down the hall to the left of the refrigerator. Take a right into the bathroom at end of the hall. take a left and stop in the closet door on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter the house and angle right, walking close to the chairs on the right side. Continue past the staircase and turn right. Wait in the doorway with the double doors. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Facing the large open staircase, go into the room and veer to the right of the staircase, going through the third arched double door opening on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go inside, turn slight right and start going forward along the left wall, go into the second to last archway then stop. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight and pass the bar with the stools and then continue going straight and wait by the stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go toward the counter and then along the counter to the right of it, go to the single step and stop. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk forward and around the right side of the kitchen island. Continue forward past the white chair on the right.  Wait near the base of the staircase. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the first room through the door nearest to you, turn right, then right again into the room with two long white lounging seats. Go stand inside the room with white/gray marble walls and floors. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then turn right and then right again to go into the room next door. Go straight and go into the door in the middle. Wait by the table. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk into hall, turn hard right and walk into tiled room with 2 loungers. Walk across tile room to bathroom. Stop at slippers and soaps. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Continue alongside the glass on the left. Stop at the double wooden doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight past the round table, and wait by the open doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk away from the line of square tables with chairs. Stop just outside the last doorway on the right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight toward the fireplace then turn left and pass the stairs on your left then stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the bridal room and office toward the stone fireplace, and turn toward the exit and the stairs, and wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Take a left at the fireplace. Wait next to the coat room. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the room and take a right. Go up the stairs. Veer right into the living room. Stop next to the piano keys at the bottom of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the office, and make a right. Walk up stairs. Walk past the curved front console table on the right. walk down stairs. Wait at the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room, turn right and go up the stairs, go along the wall and wait near the piano. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and go straight across the hall. Keep walking across the next room and turn left. Go through the double doors and wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk through the door past the sculpture and ithrough the room with a red rug, through the double doors and face a picture with the zebras. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the flowers and exit the bedroom. Continue forward through the living room and exit through the double doors on the left. Turn right and wait near the entrance to the hallway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go into the hall, up the steps and wait by the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bedroom, proceed through the hall and up the steps. Stop next to the front of the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room then turn left and go down the hallway. Go up the steps then go straight and wait right next to the piano. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn left and exit the room. Once out of the room turn left and walk forward. Stop once you are in front of the first wood and glass door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bedroom and turn left. Stop just past the three vertically stacked nature pictures on the wall to the left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the bedroom and take a left. Walk down the hall stop before you reach the patio door on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the doorway on the right and turn right. Walk over the rug, past the tables and chairs. Continue through the hallway in the top right corner and wait in the doorway of the next room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go into the large bedroom with a blue rug that has pink flowers on it, and three round tables on the rug. Continue through that room into the room with four windows, all with blue curtains and blue seating areas as a part of the walls just under the windows. Stop right as you enter the room, before the blue rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight and then turn left and go straight toward the round table when you pass the two round tables go out the opening on the right and then stop at the entrance of the room with the blue curtains. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the wooden floor hall with a large mirror on the wall to the right until you reach the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop before the black desk on the right wall. 
JeFG25nYj2p Stand so the painting of the zebras is directly behind you and walk straight down the hallway in front of you.  Keep walking straight and stop when you enter the room with the bed in it. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk forward through the hallway, and enter the bedroom.  Wait beside the black desk. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Continue down the staircase, all the way to the bottom, then turn right and go down the hallway through the door opening at the end. After passing through, stop in front of the dishwasher in the kitchenette to your left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Head all the way down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn right. Go forward to the door at the end of the corridor. Enter the room, and turn left. Wait by the sink area. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the flight of stairs to the living room. Take a right and go into the bedroom. Turn left and wait in front of the sink. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the bedroom and go down the hall, turn left at the counter, go to the right of the grey couch. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk through the doorway by the black table, and continue straight down the hallway until you reach the kitchen.  Take a hard left, and make your way around the kitchen counter. Stop and wait by the dining table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh turn left, walk down the hall and turn left again, stop near the table. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn slightly left and continue going straight until you get to the table and chairs then stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Take the left path through into the room with the piano.  Walk over to the table with flowers on it and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Facing the mirror, turn left, go through the archway, go through the room toward the dining table and wait near the table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hall and turn left after the stairs. Continue straight down the hall and wait by the bathroom on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go straight until you pass the stairs then turn left and go straight until you go into the last room on the right and wait there by entrance. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk forward down the hall and take a left. Go down the hall and take a right into the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go upstairs and stop next to the drum set. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go upstairs. Locate the drumset and travel toward it. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go up the stairs. Walk straight in the direction of the drum set. Stop once you pass the corner of the balcony. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk from cigar case across room to restrooms. Enter left hand side and stop between urinals and sinks. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk down the corridor, past the stairs and through the doorway on the right. Wait in the men's bathroom. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o With the door to the outdoors to your left and the fireplace to your right, move forward and slightly right to pass by the staircase on your left and move onto the tile flooring from the wooden flooring. Once you're on the tile flooring, continue forward until you can go through the opening on your right marked with the sign "Restroom" above it. Turn left and enter the men's room. Stop in front of the first urinal. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the ottoman on the right. Exit the bedroom, and make a right. Walk past the five portraits on the wall to the left. Enter the bedroom straight ahead, and wait near the chair. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the room using the door on your left then turn right and go all the way down the hallway until you go into the next room and wait by the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Take a left, then a right. Walk down the hall and wait in the bedroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter the room and head straight until you get to a doorway straight ahead go through the door and wait by the door on you right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight through the dining room and exit through the door opposite from the one you started at.  Stop after passing through the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward through the room with the glass table, into the open door.  Wait by the wall. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and walk across the long black rug. At the other side, exit out the door to your left. Walk outside and stop to the left of the blue chairs facing the outdoors. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk into the TV room. Exit onto the balcony. Stop next to the first gray armchair. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk past the movie posters, through the theater room and wait outside on the balcony. 
vyrNrziPKCB Continue to the bottom of the stairs and turn left. Continue down the hallway with the windows and doors leading to the outside towards your right. You'll eventually reach two steps leading upwards. Climb those steps and then stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down the stairs, and take a left. Walk down the hall and go up the first set of two stairs. Stop before you reach the doors to the patio. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk forward and then turn left. Walk straight down the hallway. Once you go up the first set of 2 steps, stop in front of the black doors leading to outside. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk past the bed. Wait on the balcony. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk outside and wait on the balcony. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk straight towards the sliding glass doors, and go outside.  Wait by the potted plants. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit through the door to the right and walk down the hallway. Follow the hallway past both couches, the chairs and bed. Enter the large bathroom and wait by the first sink on the left. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go straight and pass the couch on your left then continue going straight and pass the bed on your left. Go into the room on the right and wait by the first sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk into the bedroom with white bed, two white chairs next to it, and door to the balcony next to pool. Go into the bathroom and stop in front of the nearest sink. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk down the remaining stairs in the spiral staircase.  At the bottom of the stairs, walk straight forward, past the wooden art sculpture on your right.  Stop when you are standing at the end of the blue rug. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go down the stairs to the next level. Walk forward to the rug next to the dining table. Stop once you step on the rug. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go down the stairs and walk forward to the dinning room rug. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk in between the two leather benches and go outside.  Stop when you have passed the second door and are outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right and walk down the small hallway and out the door. Stop once you walk outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the two benches and head outside. Stop once you are outside, before you reach the pillars. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk up most of the stairs. Wait at the top step. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bedroom, veering slightly right to walk on the tile flooring heading towards the staircase ahead of you and slightly to the right. Climb up the first flight of stairs and stop on the last step just before the first landing. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go straight and pass the couches on the left and the table on the right then go up the stairs on the right and stop on the second step to the top. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the closet and walk forward into the room ahead. Wait just inside the entrance. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the closet and go straight until you get to the large bathroom and wait by the toilet. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room and turn left. Wait in the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go down the hall and turn left at the end of the hall. Wait in the doorway to the dining room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn left at the picture on the wall and wait in the doorway of the dining room on the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom and head into the hall with the poem on the wall to your left. Turn left at the end of the hall, then stand in the dining room doorway and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past the piano and wait in front of the middle pillar. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk forward in the direction of the piano. Stop on the left of the second to last pillar. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go stand next to the middle white column, on the same side as the piano. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom and go to the end of the hall. Turn left and wait in the bedroom next to the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom and the bedroom. Turn right. Take a left and wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the left. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Leave the bathroom and go down the green hallway. Take a left at the last door on the left. Stop outside of the bedroom door at the top of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs. Take a right pass the door. Take another right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs and turn right. Wait in the doorway of the living area on the right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs then turn right and then turn right and wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the glass dining table and turn into the first door on the right. Stop after a couple of feet inside the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go toward the dining table and two odd-shaped chairs next to the wall, and through the doorway just past the 2nd odd-shaped chair, and wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF With the window showing the outdoors behind you, walk forward past the lattice work divider and past the two chairs on your right and the table on your left. Once past the two chairs and just prior to a couple of steps down, turn right and go through the doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go right of the piano to the little hallway. Stop and wait when you're in the kitchen. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Pass the grand piano and go into the room next to it then wait by the bar with the chair stools. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward and enter the hallway to the left. Continue into the next room and stop behind the chairs at the bar. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the bathroom and take a left. Wait in front of the fireplace on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom then turn left and wait by the fireplace on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Go out the door in front of you across the room. Once in the hallway turn Left. Walk forward and then turn left into the sitting area. Stop in right in front of the fireplace. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the bathroom ad bedroom. Enter the room on the left of the stairs. Stop before you pass the fireplace. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and exit into the bedroom.Once in the bedroom, Turn left and exit the bedroom Into the hallway. Follow the hallway to the left of the stairs. Continue down the hallway all the way until you reach the bedroom and stop facing the outdoors. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom, then exit the bedroom via the exit to the left. Veer to the left, bypassing the stairs leading downwards and go through the door opening. At the abstract painting, turn ninety degrees to the left and step into the bedroom. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom toward the bedroom then exit the bedroom using the door on the left then turn left and head straight until you go into the room. Wait by the first green chair. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom. Take your first left and wait in the room that is straight ahead. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom. Take the first left in the hall and stop just inside the room with a desk with one black chair one one side and two green chairs on the other side. 
V2XKFyX4ASd From bathroom walk across bedroom to dining room to stairs. Stop at base of stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and walk around the front of the bed. Exit the bedroom through the door on the right and continue walking, past the couch and table. Wait on the first few steps of the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go straight and pass the tub and the bed. Go out the door on your right and then go straight. Pass the table and chairs then go straight toward the stairs. Go up four steps and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk to the far end of the room and through the archway on the left wait inside the sauna. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight then turn left. Pass the bed, the black curtain and the light green couches. Go into the room on the left and wait in the sauna. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk into the sauna and wait next to the towels. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go along the bookshelf, turn left along the table, turn right along the table and wait near the second black chair. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk forward past the bookshelves on the right. Then wait by the two black chairs on the left. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Step forward and turn left, walking around the desk. Continue forward past the two black lounge chairs. Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom of them. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk along the patio passing the chairs. Go straight, and enter the living room. Stop between the couch, and the coffee table on the right. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the pool and hot tub, continuing forward past the lounge chairs. Enter the house and wait near the sofa. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the recliners and straight ahead into the building. Stop by the couch. 
HxpKQynjfin Walk through the sitting area and wait in the bathroom. 
HxpKQynjfin Go through the room and to the left of the television, turn right into the bathroom and stop. 
HxpKQynjfin Walk straight ahead to past the desk and TV. Walk past the bar on your right and turn right into the bathroom. Stop when you walk in. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room, turn left into the exercise room, go straight and to the left passed the pool on the right into the room and take a sharp left into a massage room and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room, go toward the pool. Walk to the left of the pool and enter the doorway. Then stand in the leftmost doorway, next to a tall green plant. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and exit the massage room and turn left. Wait in the entryway of another massage room next to the plant. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go stand at the top of the stairs on this level, right next to the black animal head on the wall. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the hallway past the ascending stairs, then take a hard left, and wait at the top of the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hallway parallel to the stairs past the paintings.  Stop at the top of the stairs going down in front of the animal head sculpture on the wall. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the office through the double doors. Take the first right in the hall. Go into the bathroom and stand next to the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room through the double doors and walk through the doorway to the right. Walk past the sitting area and enter the bathroom ahead. Wait near the bathroom sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and walk of the office. Turn right and walk into the bathroom ahead. Wait in the bathroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the hall with marble flooring. Stop when there is an opening to a wood-floored hall to your right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go through the marble floored hallway and stop a few feet from the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and wait next to the table with the bamboo plant. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Locate the black chair. Travel to the right of the chair and down the hallway. Enter the door on the left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn from the desk and walk down the hallway, with the fireplace on your right and the side chair on your left.  Continue walking down the hallway, with the railing on your right.  Go to the first door on your left, walk through the doorway, and stop once enter the bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn left and walk down the blue carpeted hallway. At the end turn left and stop once you enter the bedroom. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down the hall and to the left. Walk through the doors and down the hall. Stop in front of the double doors. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left and walk through the doorway to the left of the mirror. Wait in the doorway on the right. 
VLzqgDo317F Follow the red carpet down the hall, past the fire extinguishers on the floor. Angle slightly left and walk through the double doors ahead and to the left. Follow the red carpet to the end of the ropes and turn right, waiting in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room. Walk straight across the open room with the blue and white design in the floor into the open hall on the opposite side. Stop in the entrance to the room with three white lounging chairs, next to the table with cups on it. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the bathroom using the door on the right. Head straight until you get to a room with three lounge chairs and wait there near the basket on the left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the massage room and go straight. Go into the room at end of the hall and stop in the entryway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk outside along the sidewalk. Turn right onto the stone pathway next to the pool. Stop on the first stone. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Exit the building, walk past the pool and wait on the steppingstones near the hot tub. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Step outside and go along the sidewalk, go passed the pool on the right and stop onto the stones on the right and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Enter the house through the front door and walk straight. After you reach the wooden dresser near the wall, turn right and walk down the stairs.  Next make a hard left, and walk until you reach the bathroom on your left.  Continue into the bathroom, and wait by the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE Enter the building through the wooden doorway staying straight and passing by the room to the left and taking the short flight of five steps ahead of you. Then continue down the narrow curving hallway and turn left into the second room on the left which will be a bathroom. Stop in front of the shower. 
82sE5b5pLXE Enter the building, walk past the shelves and down the steps. Enter the second doorway and wait in the bathroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 From bedroom walk down hall and turn left at stairs. Stop on top of stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go down hallway, turn left and left again and take a few steps downstairs, and then stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left after the banister on the left and walk down three stairs. Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Enter the room next door. Pass the table and chairs. Turn right into the kitchen then turn left and go into the laundry room. Wait by the sink. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the living room through the dining room. Walk straight and take the last right into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a left into the laundry room. Stop right past the counter in the laundry room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right and then turn left to enter the laundry room. Wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go past the stairs and into the bathroom that is near a bedroom door, and has a large shower and a sink. Wait at the door. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left and then turn left again to enter the bathroom. Wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Continue down the hall with the sailboat art to your left. Turn left after the doorway. Stop in the bathroom doorway, next to the sink. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past outdoor chairs on the right. Enter the home through the open door. Make a left in front of the round foyer table. Wait in the dining room door threshold. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go straight into the house using the large door and walk toward the round table. Turn left when you get to the table and wait at the entrance of the room on the left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go inside the house through the black archway, then turn left into the ornate archway and then stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the laundry room and turn left. Turn right when you get to the counter and wait in the entryway of the dining room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go down the hall that leads to a counter with a sink, then turn past the ovens and wait at the the entrence to the great room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk forward and then turn left. Once out of the hallway, turn right. Exit the kitchen and stop once you pass the oven and are facing into the next room. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 walk down stairs, turn right, walk down stairs, turn right and walk down rest of stairs go straight past tree through doorway, slight right between two red chairs, slight left through doorway stop at the edge of carpet. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the stairs and enter the sitting area with the two pink chairs. Exit the sitting area and enter the dining area and wait next to the table and chairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go down the stairs. Go into the dining room with the long wooden table and stand next to the small table in the corner of the room with a silver kettle on it. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go into the bedroom, make sharp right into doorway. Go straight down hall and then turn left at the first archway on the left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom into the bedroom then turn right and go out the door on the right. Go into the second room on the left then wait at the entrance. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit bathroom to bedroom and turn right into hallway. At pictures turn left to bedroom and stop in doorway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk past the TV. Make a right opposite the wall tapestry on the left. Exit the bedroom through the open door. Walk past the pool steps on the right. Make a right just after the column. Wait near the hedge on the right. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Exit the bedroom and out to the garden pool area. Take a right onto the tile walkway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN From bedroom walk outside and down concrete path. Stop at edge of pool on stepping stones next to bush. 
JeFG25nYj2p Enter and leave the living area. Walk into the bedroom and wait by the foot of the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the bedroom through the doorway next to the sink with the bird design on the wall behind it. Stop at the near corner of the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go into big room with area rug, turn right and keep going straight over the four pointed star on the floor, go through doorway into bedroom and wait near the grey storage thing. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the purple chairs. Wait behind the second silver sculpture. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk forward with the wall on your right.  Walk pass the purple chairs. Stop next to the far silver chair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Locate the blue chairs. Pass by all of the blue chairs. Stop at the second gray sculpture. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Pass the large table and head straight into the door ahead. Wait by the statue on the left. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Leave the library. Stop in the library doorway. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Turn around and wait at the top of the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk around the front of the dining table to the left side, past the Christmas tree and desk. Stand in front of the radiator and window. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go toward the Christmas tree and around the table, go a step passed the nativity scene and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go around the table and stand by the radiator. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk through the open door and go into the first room on your left.  Walk to the staircase on your right. Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Pass the bed and go straight out of the room then turn left and wait at the top of the stairs leading down. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the room. Take a left. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk straight ahead and wait next to the small glass table with the flower arrangement on it. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk forward with the reception desk on your left. Stop before you reach the round table on the round tile decoration. 
PuKPg4mmafe Facing the room marked "management" turn left and go down the hallway, and stop near the circle in the middle of the room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Locate the stairs. Travel toward the stairs until you reach the kitchen with the stove. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go into the house and up the small flight of four stairs. Walk into the kitchen, and stop next to the first counter. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go inside, up the small steps, and toward the kitchen. Stop next to the wooden kitchen counter. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the shower room, then exit the locker room. Go into the neighboring room to the right, through the doorway next to the mirror on the wall. Stop next to the tissue box on the shelf. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the shower room and leave the room. Go into the room directly connected to the previous room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room, exit the locker room, turn right and right again into the archway, and step into the other locker room and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go into the double-doored entrance to the home and toward the dining room table.stop facing the narrow hall, so that you can see a covered chair. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go inside through the front door and turn right. Walk past the glass dining table and into the hall next to the kitchen. Stop near the end of the hall, next to the thermostat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Enter the house, turn right and go along the glass table, go along the glass table on the other side, go into the archway that is just to the left of the fridge and stop in the middle of the hallway. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right and cross the room all the way until you reach the white couch. Stop at the table in front of the white couch. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk between the desk and the copy machine, turn left and walk between the desk and the bookshelf. Walk between the desks and wait near the coffee table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk toward the copier and turn left. Walk past the shelves and toward the middle of the room. Stop in front of the pallet table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Enter the massage room that is straight ahead and to the left. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk across the open room. Enter the room with the two massage tables. Stop before the massage tables, next to the mirror on the wall. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go into the room with the square pattern on the floor, and see the two doorways to the left the mirrored hangings, go into the one on the left, take a few steps into the massage room and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go left around the corner to make a U turn and go into the small bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn left and then go slightly left and go into the room. Wait by the bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bedroom, turn left before the stairs, go into the room to the left through the white doors and then turn right into the bathroom and then stop. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the bedroom and take a right. Turn right at the laundry room. Wait in front of the bathroom. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the room by walking straight then continue going straight until you can't go anymore turn right and walk straight until you get to a door. Turn right and head all the way down into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the bedroom, exit the bathroom, turn right down the hall, turn right before the laundry room, and take a step into the bedroom and stop before the tile runs out. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the kitchen. Turn right. Walk past the glass dining table. Stop at the small wicker chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward and leave the kitchen. Take the first right into the dining room. Go straight into the living room across from the dining room. Stop next to the wicker chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk along the counter and out of the kitchen door.  Walk into the dining room, and keep going until you get to the room divider. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn to the right. Walk in between the counter and table and chairs. Walk to the left of the bar ahead. Wait in the entry way of the garage. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk into the kitchen and go down the hall on the left. Go into the garage at the end of the hall. Stop on the rug in the garage. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the kitchen and into the hall to the left of the big mirror on the wall. Go all the way down the hall and into the garage. Stop just inside the garage, on the doormat. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go left into the foyer toward the white door on the left. Go into the room with stairs, turn right passed the stairs and keep going straight, then turn left to go down the hallway, then turn right into the dining room, then stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk into to the foyer and take a left. Enter the room with the stairs on the right. Veer right down the hall. Enter the dining room which is first on the right. Stop once you step on the rug. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go into the open room with white flooring. Turn left, then go through the second doorway on the right. Walk past the stairs. Go through the doorway just past the art piece of a dancer. Stop on the black and white rug, next to the long wooden dining table. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom then turn right and immediately turn left to continue down the hallway. After you pass the white lamp on the left turn right and wait by the black door straight ahead. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bathroom and take a right. Take a left and go down the hall. Take a right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the main door before you exit. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right past the end table. Stop before the doorway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk down the hallway in front of you with the 2 brown chairs. Continue down the hallway and up the steps. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the closet and follow the hallway to the right. Continue walking, past the chairs and bathroom. Wait at the top of the steps, next to the painting. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room then turn right and pass the two brown chairs then go up the steps and wait near the yellow and blue painting on the right wall. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet and turn left into the bathroom, the turn left into the toilet room and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk straight through the door in front of you.  Stay left and enter the bathroom door to your left.  Move towards the sink, but turn left before you reach it.  Wait by the toilet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet and turn into the bathroom. Go into the toilet room and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the TV through the living room. and take a right behind the far couch. Stop behind the couch in front of the mottled painting. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and walk past the television and two couches, look behind the second couch on the right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and cross the room in front of the TV. Once across turn right and stop behind the couch and the large picture on the wall. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Take a left. Take a slight right. Wait in the bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bedroom and enter the bathroom. Wait there next to the light switch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the closet and enter the bedroom. Take a left at the bed, and go into the bathroom ahead. Stop once you are in the bathroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room through the door in the opposite corner from where you started and enter the kitchen. Then go through the door opening to your immediate left into the laundry room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Walk through the doorway and turn left. Stop by the sink. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Pass the table and chairs then turn left and go out the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait by the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight into the room ahead and then wait near the two sinks. 
r47D5H71a5s Go through the hallway opposite the plants and go straight into the doorway. Take about five steps in and then stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn right and walk through the open doorway. Wait next to the sinks. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Stand in the bathroom doorway near the piano. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Pass the table and chairs then turn left and go toward the grand piano. When you get to the piano turn right and then turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait by the sink. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the dining room heading in the direction of the piano.Take a right down the hall to the right of the piano. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom on the left. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past the built-in desk on the right. Make a left at the wall clock under the rafter. Walk past the area rug on the right. Walk through the arched doorway, onto the brick floor. Wait at the console table behind the sofa. 
759xd9YjKW5 With the kitchen behind, you leave through the door on the left. Go forward down the hall. Stop next to the console table behind the couch. 
759xd9YjKW5 Facing the clock, go left into the doorway, go straight through to the next archway, keep going straight and then stop before the two lamps on the right. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet. Turn right into the bedroom and exit to the door on the right. Go up the stairs. Wait on the rug by the bookcase. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet, turn right, head up the stairs,and wait near the book shelf. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go left into the bedroom and turn right. Go up to the top of the steps and stop on the rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom, go down the hall and wait in the doorway to the living room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Stand in front of the dresser with the flowers and frame on it and exit the room through the door on the left at 11 o'clock position. Walk over the carpet and stop after passing over the corner on the far left.  It is in the doorway to the next room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the room, and go straight. Stop once you pass the white and frosted glass partition. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and walk past the large table. Keep heading forward to the door leading outside and stop right in front of the door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA face large round table, walk past it on the right side, through archway straight ahead, continue straight towards front door and stop just before you reach the front door with checkered marble floor. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn left, go past the open door and the dining table towards a small door with a round top. It is down 2 steps near a chandelier.
mJXqzFtmKg4 Face the two columns.  Walk between the columns, turn right and walk down the hall.  Walk thru the breakfast nook, between the two columns and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight past the grand piano. Walk past the chairs and table and wait near the couches. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the hallway on the right of the piano. Go straight, and enter the TV room. Stop behind the couch with the pillars behind you. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight into the room, and go through the door on the left. Turn left, and go into the first door on the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room through the door next to you, and then exit the next room though the door on the left hand side of the opposite wall. Then turn through a one hundred and eighty degree arc to enter the room to your immediate left through the door labeled "Bay Soyunma Odasi". Stop after walking past the swing of the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and take the exit on the left. Then enter the hall by turn left. Take your extreme left and enter the hall. Stop midway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the bedroom from outside and go across the bedroom to the door on the right wall. Enter the first doorway on the right and enter the bathroom. Wait just inside the doorway to the bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the balcony to your rear, move forward past the bed on your left until you can exit the room into the bathroom via the first door on your right. Stop after entering the bathroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn to face inside room. Walk past television. Turn right at first door. Enter bathroom. Stop inside doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around to walk through the great room, pass the stairs and enter the first room on the left. Wait near the ottoman. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk forward passing the entire sofa set and entering the corridor. Walk forward passing the stairs on your right. Turn left and enter the room, and stop in front of the green squared sofa. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go through the doorway that is in the direction going between the couch and bar. Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go to the ottoman in front of the brown couch. 
17DRP5sb8fy walk towards robe, through doorway, turn right towards bed, turn right and stop in doorway. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit bathroom turn right and enter bedroom. Turn right and stand next to curved couch. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk forward and exit the bathroom. Once you exit, turn right and enter the bedroom. Once you reach the bed, walk to the right side of the bed and exit our the door on the right. Stop once you enter and are facing the sitting room. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight down the hallway until you get to the room with the high ceiling.  Turn ninety degrees to your right.  There is a large couch and a fireplace in front of you.  Walk between the couch and the fireplace.  You will pass a ficus plant on your right.  When you reach the hallway on your right, turn so that you are looking down the hallway.  Enter the hallway, and stop when there is a staircase on your left. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk down the hall then turn right and walk past the fireplace with the TV above it. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB face outside, turn left and walk down hallway towards two chairs, turn right to and walk in between fireplace and couch to the left, walk through arch towards the right after the plant and stop at the base of the stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs and turn right. Wait in front of the painting on the wall. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 walk up the stairs, turn right and walk up the rest of the stairs, turn right at the top of the stairs, stop at the base of the next staircase. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs then turn right. Wait in front of the picture on the wall that has a white frame, white background and blue lines. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go through the door in front and to your left.  Go around the bed, and stop in the archway exiting the room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bathroom and turn right to cross the bed. Turn right again at the bed and exit the room. Stopping in the archway. 
759xd9YjKW5 face window to outside, turn right to walk through doorway to bedroom, walk straight towards blue chairs, turn right to walk in front of foot of the bed, walk through doorway to the right of dresser and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the room. Turn right and go down the hallway. When you get to an arch on the left. Turn left and then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk through doorway away from bed, first right, walk straight, take first left and stop in doorway on left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the room and make a hard right immediately.  Continue straight and make the first left turn.  Enter the bathroom to the extreme left. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards the fireplace and turn right. Walk through the double doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right and go out the door on the right. Wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Head right towards the fireplace then turn right and exit the glass doors and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk out the double doors into the large open room. Go straight across the room and enter the doorway straight across. Once you enter the next room, stop when you reach the rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight across the open room with the staircase and through the door straight ahead of you. Stop just inside the next room, just before you step on the red rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight until you get to the room with the large light blue carpet. Continue straight and go into the room next to it with the large pink carpet. Wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down the long hall to the left. Stop next to the set of five paintings. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and walk down the hallway. Once you reach the area with the pictures on the wall, stop in the middle of the pictures. 
sKLMLpTHeUy walk away from the staircase, turn left down the hallway, turn left and right immediately to continue down hallway, walk past bedroom on your right and stop in the middle of the wall on your right. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go away from stairs, turn left alongside stairs and go down the hall. Turn right and go into the bathroom towards the walk in shower. Stop in front of the shower. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the stairs and turn left. Turn left again and walk down the hallway.  Enter the first room on your right. Wait in front of the glass-enclosed shower. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk down the stairs, turn left, turn left and walk down hallway turn right at first doorway, and stop in front of shower. 
vyrNrziPKCB Enter the bedroom and walk past the bed. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk past the pool table and turn left down the hallway. Wait in front of the wall shelf. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk to the left side of the bed and exit out the door. Once out, walk to the left side of the pool table and cross the room. Turn left and then right to follow the black railing and the hallway. Stop before the railing starts to turn to the right and before you reach the painting set into the wall. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left and pass the stairs in the recreation area. Walk forward and stop before the narrow area curves right. 
EDJbREhghzL walk down stairs, turn left, walk down stairs,  at bottom walk to the left side of single brown chair and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down stairs.  Walk to the left of brown leather chair.  Wait here. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs and stop to the left of the chair. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk around the foot of the bed and stop at the corner of the tub with the towels on it. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the bed and turn right. Wait in front of the closed door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk around the bed clockwise and stop in front of the corner of the tub with the towels. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk through the kitchen past the table and then left past the counter. Head to the right through the hall and then wait at the bedroom door on the left. 
8WUmhLawc2A face dining room table, walk to the left of the table, straight towards couches, turn left to walk behind the back of the couch,turn right after you walk through giant archway , walk down hallway and turn right, walk through doorway to bedroom and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk across kitchen to living room,  enter hall and turn right. Turn right in bedroom and stop next to TV. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom, walk past the fireplace and through the door. Wait inside the bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom and go towards the left.  Go through the pocket doors and enter the bedroom. Turn to the left sharply and stand in the entrance to the bathroom . 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bathroom, and go left. Leave the sitting room, and enter the bedroom. Go into the bathroom in this bedroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk towards dining table.  Wait by bowl of fruit. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the kitchen and toward the dining table. Go toward the doorway to the right of the dining table. Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the kitchen. Turn towards the left at the end of the cabinets and stand right by the kitchen table in front of the doorway to the right. Wait there. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and walk to the right of the pool onto the sidewalk. Walk to the door on the left and stop. 
VVfe2KiqLaN face hot tub, turn right, walk past hot tub, follow patch slightly to left and straight, turn left on concrete walkway, continue straight and stop next to last plan on left. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk along the path beside the hot tub.Go between 4 pillars, and stop in front of the door to the inside. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and exit the room. Walk all the way down the steps to the bottom and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and go down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs next to the Christmas tree. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and go down the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around one hundred and eighty degrees.  Walk down the hallway until you see the stairs.  Stop at the top of the staircase. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the hall and up the steps. Continue straight through the hall until the stairs. Start down the stairs and stop on the first step down. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and head down the hallway, up the small stairs, continue straight down the hallway until you see some stairs on your left, wait near the top of those stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk through the living room area past the natural wooden table top. Walk past the armchair and around the fireplace to the right through the open double doors with a plaque above it. Walk around the stairwell and into the hallway. Walk past the rotary phone hanging on the wall. Walk into the open door at the end near the elevator and into a bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk straight and then go into the room on the right of the fireplace. turn right and go into the hallway. turn left on the door right by the elevator then wait at the bathroom entrance. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the fireplace to the right and enter the bathroom hallway.  Stand near the entrance of the men's room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Step forward, turn right, turn left, turn right, stop in the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk through the kitchen past the counter and table and leave through the door straight ahead. Wait on the other side of the door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn left and cross the door. Then go through the kitchen. Turn right passed the kitchen. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the steps then to up the stairs on the left. When you get to the top turn left. Wait near the kitchen area. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up steps down hall. turn left at stairs and go up them. Turn left and stop in kitchen. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 walk up stairs towards red carpet, turn left and right to walk up the staircase, turn right and walk up the rest of the stairs, walk straight and turn left at the end on the wall on and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight until you pass the couches on your left. Turn left and exit the room using the double doors. Wait at the entrance. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk forward turn left at the chairs, wait at the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around and walk towards the double door with the glass on the left. Stop inside the door frame. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and turn right. Wait in the doorway of of the room on the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Move forward and stop at the machines to the left.  Turn right and stop at the door entry.  Go left and exit the thru the door.  Enter in the hall and turn slightly left.  Turn slowly to the right and move forward toward the bedroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room out the door to your right beside the phone on the wall. Once you exit turn all the way around and enter the room to the left of the door you just came out of. Stop once you are in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the open door into the next hallway and turn the corner to the left. Walk into the large room with aqua colored floor rugs. Walk around the front of the staircase and walk towards the open door way with a statue of a man on the shelf next to it. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward, through the open wooden door. Pivot left and then move forward until you are standing on the white rug. Change direction and move to your right staying on the white rug. Take a left turn and go straight until you reach a doorway. Enter the second doorway from the right and enter the room with pink oriental rug. One step past the doorway, stop here. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk towards the bathroom, turn left before reaching it. Go towards the big rug and walk to the left side of the room. Stand in the doorway of the room on the left side of the two chairs next to the big rug. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk straight down hallway and wait by painting with man clutching his hands. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right and go down the hall. Wait by the framed photographs on the wall. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk straight down the hallway. Passed the stairs on the left. Follow the hallway around and stop near the four portraits hanging on the left wall. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o walk away from door to outside, straight down hallway, turn left at fireplace, turn right and walk through double doors and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight toward the fireplace. Go through the door to the left of the fireplace and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward and take a left. Go through the first door on the left. Stop once you are in the dining room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the bedroom. Wait at the built-in desk in the hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk past dresser, turn right at foot of bed, turn right again walk through doorway to left of bed and stop in front of closed door on your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go around the bed and go through the door the exits the bedroom and leads to the kitchen. Exit the bedroom and wait in the hall just outside the bedroom and next to the door on the left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around to walk down the hallway and enter the first room on the left. Wait near the counter. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go straight down the hallway. Turn left on the first door. Wait at the entrance. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj walk away from door to outside, down the hallway, turn left and enter the first doorway and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room. Turn left. Go past the pool and straight into the hallway. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and go to your right. Pass the plants and the diamond window and stop in the entryway. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the spa room and turn left to walk past the treadmill. Walk past the pool and wait in the hallway by the large potted plant. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight until you exit the hallway. Turn left and walk toward the large red and white sign. Wait near there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Begin walking forward through the stone entryway. Take a left just before you reach the table on the left.  Continue walking forward towards the desk. Continue to walk towards the chair and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward and into the large room ahead. Once in, turn left and walk past all the desk to the other side. Stop past the last desk before you make it to the steps. 
Uxmj2M2itWa From bathroom enter bedroom, turn right and exit, walk down steps. Stop at sink. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Enter bedroom.  Turn hard right, then make another right.  Walk down stairs.  Wait here. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go out the door to the right into the bedroom. Turn right and go down the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the pool table. Go straight until you get to the hallway on the left. Turn left to the hallway and wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the table and head left only stopping once you're near the brick walls. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward and turn right, passing the ping pong table. Angle slightly left and walk towards the tables. Turn left and wait near the bookshelf on the left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward and turn left at the first visible corner. Walk inside, and turn right towards the closet. Stop in front of all the handbags. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the room and walk straight down the hall and turn left at the end.  After taking a few steps, turn right and enter the closet.  Stop just after stepping into this room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the really nice closet, walk down the hallway. Then turn left and walk into the extra nice closet on your right. Wait near the hand bags. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk out of the bedroom, past the bathroom, into the hallway. Turn left and walk forwards. Stop on top of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Cross the bed and go to the hall. In the hall, turn left and continue. Stop at the stairs landing. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the bedroom. Turn left. Start down the stairs and stop one step down. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn around and go down the hall. Stop at the double doors. 
PuKPg4mmafe With the bank of elevators to your left, move forward down the corridor, veering to the right as the corridor turns. Going through the double doors labeled "Ballroom Meeting Room". 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk straight all the way until you get to large glass double doors. Over the door it will say "ballroom meeting room" .Go inside and wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room through the middle doorway, and wait at the table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Cross the room and exit through the middle door. Stop near the table in the middle of the room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room using the middle door on the left. Walk toward the round table straight ahead and wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room and walk down the hallway.Go through the doorway on the left. Walk past the table and leave the kitchen. Wait next to the office chair. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go down the hallway with all the arches. At the end of the hall way go left and then take a right towards the couch. Go right and through the arch to the right of the couch. Wait there in front of the desk. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk straight ahead and down the white hallway. At the end, turn left to enter the kitchen. Turn right and walk towards the sitting area. Once you reach the couch, turn right and stop when you enter the hallway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Continue down the kitchen hall and stop just before going outside. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight. Pass the washer and dryer the fridge and the kitchen. Go through the black door the leads to the porch and wait there. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit bedroom into the interior of the house. Walk passed the washing machine on the right. Walk straight through the kitchen area to the outside door.  Step outdoors and stop near the door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk into the open area of the building with office on the perimeter. Walk towards the red lounge chair area. Turn the corner to the right near the red chair lounge area. Continue down the hall with glass partition walls and stop at the first intersecting hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office and turn left. Walk towards the red sofas and turn right. Continue down the hallway and wait near the first doorway on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn left and and turn right at the exit sign. Follow the hall to the door on the left and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the stairs and when you get to the top, turn right and walk a few steps before stopping. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk up the stairs, then turn right and wait in the foyer near the stairway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Continue all the way up the stairs. Turn right and stop after a couple of feet in the middle of the room. 
rPc6DW4iMge Enter the building through the sliding doors near you and continue forward with couch to your right. Continue past the kitchen on your left and stop in front of the stairs on your right. 
rPc6DW4iMge Head inside, walk past the kitchen area, wait at the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk into the home and around the sofa to the left. Continue straight, past the bar and sitting area. Wait at the base of the stairs on the right. 
r47D5H71a5s walk in between pool and three beds, turn right after the pool and walk through doorway, stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the pool and wait in the hallway. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk past the beds, at the end of the pool turn right. Wait near the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk across room with no concrete to hall on the right and enter room with boxes of flooring. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk along the hall past the bathroom. Turn the corner into the next room, which is unfinished with a concrete floor. Walk through the room and turn into the open hall in the middle of the room. Pass a small closet and continue through the open door at the end that leads to a carpeted room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk straight down the hallway then turn right. Turn right again and walk straight into the room. Wait near the entrance. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk into the doors and inside the house. Once inside walk across the room and up the small set of stairs. At the top, turn right and then stop on the blue rug. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Cross through the living room. Ascend the small staircase and stop on the rug to the right. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk straight through the living room area, and up a small set of stairs. Turn right, then stop in front of the dining table. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward into the room and turn right. Go across the room past all the sinks and turn into the last door on your right. Stop once you are in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go through the door and turn right. Walk right passed the table and continue towards the bathtub, turn right and stop in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward and enter the room. Turn right and walk past all the sinks. Once you pass the sinks, turn right and stop in the doorway. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the doorway between the two fireplaces. Wait at the gilded armoire. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk straight across the room and into the next one. Wait near the wardrobe. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the door between the two fireplaces. Veer right and step onto the rug. Stop on the rug in front of the armoire. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the two steps. Pass the stairs on the left. Then turn right and wait near the oven. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and continue down the hall and turn right and stop by the stove. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk into the kitchen, turn right and wait near the stove. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go up the steps and through the hallway to the right. Go through kitchen and down the stairs to the living room. Go to the back left corner. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk up the stairs and enter the dining room on your right.  Walk to the edge of the living room and wait by the rail. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk up the stairs and turn right.  Then walk into the kitchen. Stand next to the hand rail in the kitchen. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go inside and walk around the dining table.  Go through the door on your left walk a few steps, then turn right into the kitchen.  Stop in front of the oven. 
vyrNrziPKCB Enter the house through the open french doors. Walk past the dining table on the right. Make a left after the buffet in the dining room. Make a right opposite the wine fridge to the left. Wait at the double wall ovens. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk back into the house towards the dining table. Walk past the dining table and make a left. Walk into the hallway and make the first right into the kitchen. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and then right. Walk straight forward and enter the double wood doors at the end and stop in the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the bedroom past the bed and closet and out through the open door on the other side. Walk into the hall and turn the corner down the hall. Walk into the next open room. Continue into the open double doors straight ahead with glass panes into a large room with a red floor rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the bedroom, and go left. Go forward down the hall, and enter the room with the double glass and wood doors. Stop once you enter the room. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around and go down the hallway. Then turn left at the door. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk inside.  Head down corridor.  Enter first room on the left.  Wait here. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go straight into the house. Go straight down the hallway and then turn left. Wait at the entrance of the room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk next door, into the men's room. Wait in the hallway next to the trash can. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Enter the lobby. Walk past the short lighted stones and into the door to the right of the stones which is marked as a mens' room. Walk down the hallway past the lockers. Stop in front of the water cooler. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn left and walk towards the desk, locate the men's locker room  and proceed inside. Stand next to the water cooler. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Pass the bed and stop next to the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With your back faced towards the sink, walk forward past the bed. Once you reached the opening into the outdoor area that has a bunch of couches, you've reached your destination. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and walk through the bedroom to the patio.  Wait near the patio set with the amazing view. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk past the bed and turn left. Walk through the door and down the hall. Turn left and wait inside the large doorway next to the sliding double doors. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk past the foot of the bed towards the desk, turn down hallway on left, turn right to exit bedroom,  turn left and stop on marble floor. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go around the bed and out though the last door on the left. Turn left and stop near the white doors. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk across sitting room and exit, wait at bottom of stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and head towards the door as you pass the coffee table. Continue outside towards the hallway and keep moving. Exit the door and stop once you reach the steps. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and exit out the door to the left of the TV. Once out walk across the room and out the door straight ahead. Go up the stairs and stop on the 2nd step. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go through the en suite bathroom and wait in the doorway to the second bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk straight towards the black chair on the right. Turn right and enter the bathroom. Go straight past the shower and exit the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go next to the window on the right. Go straight through the bathroom into other bedroom. Stay right outside the doorway of the bathroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the stair railing on the left. Walk past the vent above the doorway to the right.Wait at the closed leaded glass door on the right. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight toward the stairs. Go around the hallway and wait near the top of the stairs going down. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Move through hall and wait by the top of the stairs descending to the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk into the hall from dining room, turn right, Go straight down hall and enter bedroom. Stop at bed. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room. Turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to a white door straight ahead. Go into the white door and wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room and turn right.  Move forward past the staircase and wait in the entrance to the bedroom. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk outside the door, and turn right. Walk all the way forward towards the end room on your left. Enter inside the room, and stop near the staircase. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn right to walk out of the bathroom.Walk straight past the sink on the left and the open doorway. Turn left through the doorway and walk  to the staircase. Pause as the staircase. 
r47D5H71a5s With the sink behind you, walk through the door in front of you. Turn right, and walk to the double doors on your left. Go through those doors, walking up to the staircase. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the room. Turn left and go straight into the room. Walk past the bed and continue straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge face banister to stairs, walk through doorway on your right, turn left down hallway, walk straight through bedroom and stop once you walk into bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk forward and enter the hall, then turn left. Then walk forward into the bedroom and continue into the bathroom.  Wait near the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the house Turn right. Walk straight then turn right. Go past the fountain and wait near the first bush in the pot on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk onto the balcony, turn right, walk past the fountain, and wait near the stone cross statue. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the doorway to the patio, turn right and follow the path. Pass the water fountain and stop by the entry. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left and walk past the fireplace. Turn right into the door and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hall, past the fireplace and into the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn right and walk down the hall.  Walk past the mirror and then turn right and enter the bathroom.  Wait near the sink. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the empty room. Turn right. Take the first left at the Exit sign. Stop there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exist the room, turn right, turn left, wait in hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and turn right down the hall, continue until the fork and turn left. then stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the painting and turn right. Walk toward the red painting and through the doorway to the left of it. Stop by the chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Facing the end of the bed, take an immediate right, walk past the bathroom and exit the bedroom through the open doorway. Walk straight until you see a large red painting. At the painting make a turn towards 11 o clock and go through the doorway on the left of the painting. Through there, you will reach your destination. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight down the hallway. Turn right and continue down the hallway. Pass the stairs and then go into the room on the far left. Wait at the entrance. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left and go straight past the stairs. Continue down the hallway and go into the last door on the right. Wait at the entrance. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk forward and turn left passing the staircase. Walk all the way forward passing all the picture frames on the right. Turn right towards the room in the corner, and stop there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk forward with the staircase to your left. Make a left at the door with the staircase still to your left. Walk down the hallway and into the double doorway on the right. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go into the room next to the laundry room and wait in the en suite bathroom doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn right and go into the room. Pass the first door on the right and go into the second door. Wait at the bathroom entrance. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave the room, turn right, and go through the door on the right. Wait in the doorway to the bathroom next to the bed. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Step forward, turn right, turn left and wait near the couch. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the kitchen.  Turn right and walk down hallway.  Stop when you reach the dinner table.  Wait here. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the kitchen, then turn right.  Then walk forward into the dining room and stand between the table and the sofa. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head inside, turn right, walk forward into the bathroom, wait near the bathtub. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk inside and turn right at the end of the room.  Walk past the bed and into the bathroom.  Stop after stepping into the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk into the door ahead. Once in, turn right and enter the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the bed and stop once you enter the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head straight, stopping at the dresser and take a left turn, stopping near the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head down the hall and turn left at the mirror. Then enter the door on the right and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR At the entrance, walk past the black door (on the left) and painting (on the right) until you see a table with a mirror hanging on the wall. Take a left at the mirror and take your first right through the open doorway. When you see a long table surrounded by soft chairs you'll have arrived at your destination. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk towards the right to go down the hallway. Walk out the door in front of the stairs. Once out, turn right and enter the living room. Stop once you enter. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and follow the hallway around to the right. Pass the stairs and turn hard right. Stop in the family room and wait near the sofa. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk forward with the dining room on the left. Turn the corner and go through the door at the end of the hall. Take a right into the living room. Stop in the doorway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk past the oval table, straight into the bedroom with the long striped brown and grey rug.  Wait here. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Stand so the doorway is behind you and walk straight into the doorway on the opposite wall.  Keep going straight and stop just before stepping on the rug in the bedroom. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk past the large sliding door. Walk into the entryway of the bedroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Head inside through the left doorway, turn right, wait near the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and go in the left door to the bedroom. Go right down the hall and stop at the foot of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Face house, and enter door on the left.  Turn hard right once inside, and continue straight through next doorway.  Wait near stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room. Turn right and go into the third door on the right. Go straight into the door in the middle and wait therfe. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and exit the room. Once out, go to the right side of the room past the chair and then turn left and walk until you can turn right into the last room on the right. Go across the room and enter the door on the right and stop when you enter. 
r47D5H71a5s Go right after leaving door. Go past gym equipment. Enter second door on the right. Go straight to the open doorway on the other side of room. Stop inside the room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and exit the room. Turn left in the hall and then continue passed the pictures. Enter the second door on the right and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and turn left. Walk down the hallway to the doorway on the right. Wait in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the massage the massage room and turn left.  Walk down the hallway and stand near the doorway of the women's locker room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs to the top level. Then go to the bedroom on the left, and enter the walk in closet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Make your way up the steps, take a hard right turn and then continue up the steps then through the door on the left heading towards the skateboards and stopping. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs to the next floor. Turn left into the first doorway. Enter the bedroom and go toward the bed. Turn right and enter the closet. Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bedroom. Walk past the pool table on the right. Walk through the archway to the left of the stair railing. Wait at the alcove on the stair landing. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bedroom on the right and pass the pool table. Take the next right and then stop on the left by the railing. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight out the door ahead. Once out, walk past the pool table and turn left and follow the walkway. Stop once you pass a hallway on your left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the hallway on the left. Continue down the hallway and turn left, then right, to walk into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen towards the living room and turn right. Wait near the desk. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and enter the archway. Go down the hallway. Cross to the left hall and turn right and then turn right at the thermostat again. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk down hallway to the kitchen turn right into hallway at the couch. Stop at study. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and walk past the brown couch. Walk straight towards the fireplace and turn left. Walk towards the open wooden doors. Pause inside the doorway that leads to a dining room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room. Turn left and walk toward the fireplace. Turn left and then turn right into the room by the fireplace. Wait near the large double doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards the room with the fireplace. Make a left and walk towards the first set of hanging lights. Make a right and walk into the doorway of the double doors. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and go down the stairs. Turn left and continue passed the tables. Stop near the counter. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Move down the stairs, turn left, wait in the kitchen area. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go down the steps then turn left. Go straight past the round table and chairs. Wait near the bar and stools on the right. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bathroom, turn left at the potted plant and wait in the bedroom doorway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait at the entrance. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go past the toilet and sink to the doorway. Stop at next doorway on the left. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk from stairs across room to pool table and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go to the corner of the fireplace and turn right. Head towards the closet to the left of the pool table and wait in front of it. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and walk across the room.  The fireplace will be on your left as you pass.  Then, turn right and walk towards the billiards table.  Stop in front of the wooden door with horizontal slats that is by the billiards table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the wall oven on the left. Make a left after the bar stools at the island to the right. Wait near the built-in bar to the right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the kitchen and wait near the wet bar, near the entrance to the hallway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk straight then turn right after the kitchen island.  Exit the kitchen and turn left. Stop at the beginning of the hallway, right before the lightswitch. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom stall and past the sink area. Continue through the open door at the end of the bathroom. Walk across the hall towards the open double doors directly ahead. Walk into the large dining room and stop near the armchairs around the fireplace. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the bathroom then go straight into the double doors. Wait near the chairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the bathroom and enter the doorway across the hall. Stop near the wooden table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk across main workroom, turn left at stone hallway and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight and slightly right. Turn left and go into the hallway. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk between the tables into the larger room. Go left into the hall and stop next to the wood box on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the hall and into the bedroom. Turn right and walk past the chest of drawers. Turn right and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Stand with the stairs on your right and walk straight down the hallway into the bedroom at the end.  Walk past the foot of the bed and leave through the door on the right.  Walk into the bathroom on the opposite side of the hallway and stop in front of the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and walk down the hallway and into the door on the end. Once in the bedroom, turn right and walk to the other side of the room and turn right. Walk straight ahead and stop when you enter the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go past the two sinks and then past two doors one on each side.. Turn left and exit the room. Go down the stairs ahead. Stop eight steps to the bottom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk away from bathtub, turn slight right and walk towards bed, turn left and walk through double doors before you pass the fireplace, walk down staircase straight ahead, turn right, walk down three steps and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk straight, then make a left turn and down the stairs, head right and then another right down until you reach the end of the stairs. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A With the wire vine artwork on your left, walk straight into the big room with the square mosaic on the floor.  Go through the door on the left on the wall on the far side of the mosaic.  Walk into the room and stop at the foot of the bed. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Move down the hall and enter the common room. Go straight across and enter the bathroom. Turn left and wait next to the massage table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hallway into the open space with a decorated floor. Walk into the room with the sink across the room. Stand next to the outlet on the floor. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn left at the exit sign and continue down the hall, at the first door turn right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the locker area and turn left right away. Turn right just past the large white column on the right. Stop in the doorway. It's room 307. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall and turn left at the exit sign.  Walk down the hall and turn right at the first open door on the right. Enter that door and wait near the desk. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and cross through the purple chairs. Turn left and stop by the box. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk straight and pass the purple chairs then turn left and wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk forward passing all the three purple chairs. Stop behind the last purple chair. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go up the steps on the left. Go straight and then turn right into the hallway. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go towards the nearest stairwell. Go up the stairs, around a couple desks, and end in a short hallway between two stone pillars. You will be facing a large green vase with colorful things sticking out of it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go up the stairs and into the main work place. Walk along the right and pass the conference room with the window wall. Take a right after the conference room, and stop in the doorway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the ottoman on the left. Walk up stairs. Wait on the step directly above the ottoman on the floor. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go straight and turn right. Head up the staircase. At the top of the staircase, stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards staircase. Walk up stairs.  Wait near top. 
i5noydFURQK Turn right into the hallway. Turn left and and go into the room with the rug. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom and turn left. Continue down the hall and into the room straight ahead and stop before the desk with two green chairs. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the closet and make a right to exit the bedroom and enter the hallway.  In the hallway, take the first door on your left.  Then walk straight down that hallway until you get to the light wood table with the two green chairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk from bedroom to hallway, through double doors to outside. Stop next to bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the room and walk towards the striped stool in hallway.  Enter the room to the left of the stool.  Walk to foot of bed.  Wait here. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bedroom and head outside.  Wait on the area rug at the front of the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the picture of the leopard on the wall and turn left. Wait at the entrance to the walk in closet. 
JeFG25nYj2p Put the picture of a cheetah on your left, and then walk straight. Go into the small doorway to your left, and then walk a ways down the hall until you're in front of a large walk-in closet. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk forward towards the diagonal tiles. Enter the bedroom to the left of the double glass doors. Stop outside of the closet door on the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go through the door ahead and into the room with quilts on display. Exit the room through the door on the far left. Enter the empty room. Stop there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit bathroom door to the right of the sink.   Turn left in the hallway, and walk forward to enter the next room.  Enter the room to the left of the large glass center piece.  Wait here. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Leave the bathroom, and go left. Take the far left and enter the main room. Stop once you are in the this room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward into lobby with benches.  Turn left after table with white cloth.  Walk to water fountain.  Wait here. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight toward the round table. Turn left before you get to the round table and wait near the drinking fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go to the small white table in the middle of the room. Go into the room across from you that has a drinking fountain. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Head to the left doorway and enter the room. Stop near the bed. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go up the stairs. Turn left and go into the double white doors. Wait near the bed. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk up the steps and past the chair through the entryway on the left. Turn right in the hallway and stop in front of the chair. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk across large room to door on right, walk across artifact room and enter large door on the right. Stop between two doors. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the door towards the glass windows on the far wall. Walk though the open door on the right into the next room. Walk past the glass display case in the middle of the room. Walk through the  open door to the right of the display case into the hallway leading to a large room with blue carpet at the end. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn right and proceed along the wall to the open door on your right.  Go through the door and turn right when you get to the glass case.  Proceed through that door and down the hall, stopping right before you get to the end. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head out doorway.  Make a right turn after exiting.  Walk towards the dining table.  Wait next to glass table. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right and exit the kitchen past the counter. Turn right and go in to the dining room. Wait next to the table. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the kitchen and go right into the dining room. Stop right after the big chair next to the table and chairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk and turn right. Enter the living room. Walk forward passing both the polka dots sofa. Walk outside the door, and stop there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG from kitchen go down steps into living room and walk through glass door to balcony. Stop at chairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the kitchen and go down the stairs into the living room. Exit the living room, and go onto the patio. Stop on the patio next to the door on the left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn to the right and go to the couch and turn left and stop on the balcony. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn right and enter the bedroom.  Then turn left and walk out on the patio. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Leave the bathroom, and enter the bedroom. Go out onto the balcony through the bedroom door. Stop once you pass the door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk around the piano and out the room.  Turn left and go down the stairs leading down.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs, in front of the mirror. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Pass the piano and go up the steps. Turn left and go down the steps. Wait near the round mirror on the left wall. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the room, into the room with the stairs. Walk to the left of the staircase. Walk down the set of steps and stop on the carpet at the bottom of the steps. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room, move through the hallway into the office, wait near the leather chair. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk around the table to the right. Cross the foyer and into the office. Wait near the desk. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk around the dinning room table, past the front door and enter the office.  Wait near the desk. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the room to your right and continue down the hallway. Stop in the middle of the hall. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk right through the open doors an enter the hallway. Stop near the stairs on your left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Head through the open double doors. Go straight and stop at top of the stairs. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go past the tv and go up the steps. Turn left and go into the hallway. Wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward, turn left, walk through the doorway and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go forward toward the dining table. Go up the stairs and take the first left. Stop outside of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn right before the mirror. Continue straight. Stop in the doorway at the end of the hall, just before the large tan rug. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head down the hallway and stop in the doorway to the sitting room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the opening to the right of the white flowers. Go past the kitchen and dining room and stop in the entrance to the living room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the room and walk straight. When you get to the kitchen turn right and go past the ovens on the right. When you get to a large black glass table with chairs stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and continue down the hallway. At the fork, turn right and stop just after the oven. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and walk through the kitchen. Then turn right and walk into the dinning room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom and turn left Follow the corridor and stop before reaching the fireplace. Wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn approximately 90 degrees to the right. Move forward. Turn slightly to the right. Wait at the edge of the carpeted walk way. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and walk down the hallway to the left. Stop at the end of the hallway when you reach the wood floor. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down hallway to the T then turn left, and left at first opening hall and then turn right into room with long tables and black chairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward and then turn left to walk down the hallway. Once you reach the clear glass wall on your right without black at the top, turn left and enter the hallway. Walk forward and enter the first door to your right and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit out the door, and turn left. Walk forward and turn left at the very first visible corner. Walk forward, and turn right towards the very first door leading to the conference room. Enter inside the door and stop there. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk towards the nearest building exit. Go just outside, standing by the grill and small hot tub. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk toward the white chair then turn right. Go outside using the glass sliding door. Wait near the BBQ. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right and walk out of the kitchen and into the living room. Turn right and walk across the living room, then exit through he back door. Stop on the patio outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right and walk across the hall towards the benches. Wait in between the benches by the entrance going outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the large open walkway with wooden beamed roof trusses. Walk along the tiled walkway past the armchair area and tables with white table clothes. Walk between the first two benches near the entryway door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward into the lobby. Veer right at the two leather benches. Stop between the two leather benches before you reach the rug. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the wine closet and through the tall open door on the other side ahead. Walk into the room with a wooden floor and past the round table surrounded by arm chairs. Continue past the table and through the open entryway ahead that leads to a door to the outside with decorative iron. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the wine cellar. Go straight past the table and chars. Walk toward the front door and wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the wine room and walk around the dining table to the opposite side.  Walk down the two steps and stop in front of the wooden door, underneath a chandelier.  You will be standing on the far left corner of the criss cross floor decoration. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit laundry room to the door on the right. Turn left. Before reaching door directly ahead, turn right. Continue forward through archway entering kitchen and living area. Stop there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Walk past a desk with a chair and go into kitchen area. Wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the laundry room and turn left.  Walk to the door then turn right.  Walk past the desk and enter the living room.  Wait near the sofa. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the hallway and turn a slight left followed directly by another left and into the bathroom then stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right and walk towards the chair in the corner of the hallway. Once you reach the chair, turn left and walk to the end where there are two pictures hanging. Tun left and stop once you enter the bathroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room and walk straight until you get to a chair. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to two picture frames on the wall. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk along the insulated bare walls towards the window ahead in the next room. Walk through the unfinished room and through the door on the other side of the room that leads to a finished hallway. Walk into the first open door in the hall that leads to a bedroom with photo art on the wall near the entrance of classic black and white scenes. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk forward past the window then turn right and enter the hallway.  Enter the first bedroom on your right. wait near the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk forward and take a right. Enter the hallway through the door on the right. Take the first left into a bedroom. Stop once you are in the bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the rest of the stairs and at the top, walk to the doorway on the left.  Stop after stepping into the hallway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right and go up the stairs. At the top, walk forward and enter the door to your left. Stop once you enter the hallway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk up the stairs to your left. Turn left into the first hallway and briefly walk until you hit the set of double doors to your right. Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk through the double doors into the building and stop to the left of the table with the flowers. 
vyrNrziPKCB Head indoors, stop in the foyer and wait near the table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Enter the atrium and wait by the large bouquet of flowers. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk down hall passed stairs to bathroom, wait at sink. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk down the hall and to the left of the end table. Walk past the brick wall and into the doorway to the left of the dining room and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forward into the room ahead. Once in turn left and walk towards the thermostat on the wall. Once you reach the thermostat, turn right and then turn left and enter the white door straight ahead and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the computer desk and glass wall.  Continue walking past the other computer desk.  Walk past the book shelf.  Wait near the desk by the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Continue past the desk and continue walking straight past all of the desks until you reach the final desks. near the doors. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk into the work area and go straight along the right side. Walk forward toward the stairs. Stop at the edge of the desk across from the red stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Keep walking forward and enter the living room. Walk around the curved sofa, and turn right towards the gym room. Stop outside the gym door. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight past the stairs on the right. Walk straight and slightly left to pass the couches. Turn right and wait in the mini gym room. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk forward into the living room. Walk behind the couch and take a right through the double doors. Enter the fitness room, and stop once you pass the doors. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn right and walk all the way to the end of the hallway. At the end,turn right and stop when you enter the bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit bedroom and turn right.  Head down the corridor.  When you reach the end, enter the bedroom on the right.  Wait here. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bedroom, and go right. Enter the bedroom through the last door on the right. Stop next to the lamp on the table. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight and enter a large room. Pass the glass table with chairs on the left. Continue straight when you get to the hallway turn left and wait near the entrance of that room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out the door straight ahead and walk straight across the next room and enter the wood door. Once you enter, turn left and stop in the doorway facing the sinks. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the dinning room and enter the hallway.  Then turn left and enter the large bathroom. Wait at the bathroom door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn left and go straight past the two chairs on the left. Go up the steps and wait there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn to your right and walk down  the hallway to your left. Walk all the way down the hallway and up the few steps and stop at the top. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Go straight, and up the three stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Go down the aisle of the church through the Nave towards the altar.  Stop between the second row of pews to the front. Wait there. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Walk to the front of the church aisle and stop when you get to the row of the second pews from the front. 
YmJkqBEsHnH Walk down the aisle toward the front.  Wait at the second row of pews. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the closet and turn left in the hall. Pass the bench and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the closet. Turn left and then wait near the bed. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the nice closet and turn left.  Then enter the bedroom. Stand next to the nightstand. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk straight past the bar with the stool/chairs. Go outside using the large glass doors and wait in the balcony. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk straight past the kitchen island. Continue straight and stop behind the white couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go past the bar and stools and wait just at the edge before you go onto the balcony. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Stand so the orange chairs are on your right and walk straight out the door of the bedroom and down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa walk forward then go down the stairs then stop at the orange sofa. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn left and exit the bedroom. Then walk down the stairs and wait near the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the room. Walk straight down the hallway. Go slightly left to continue down the hallway. Pass the stairs on the left. Wait near the kitchen bar with the chair/stools. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and walk down the hall. Walk past the stairs and wait by the counter top. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and exit into the hallway, continue straight down the hallway until you reach some potted flowers at an intersection, take the left path with a lamp, continue forward past a stairwell and wait near the countertop on your right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Enter the building and walk through the dining area. Wait in the doorway under the mounted deer head. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk straight into the house. Turn left and go past the table and chairs until you get to a fireplace. Go into the room that is to the right of the fireplace. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk inside past the two pillars.  In the room with the tables, walk left until you see the fireplace.  Go through the door to the right of the fireplace and stop when you are standing under the mounted deer head. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and enter the hallway.  Walk though the hallway and enter dining room. Exit the dining to the door on your right. Enter the large bedroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left in the middle arch. Go straight until you pass two red chairs on the right then turn right and wait near the entrance. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go down the middle hallway on the left if you face the stairs. Go straight and enter the room at the end of the hall. Enter the room through the door on the far right. Stop once you enter the room. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn right and walk across the room past the stairs. Stop when you reach the next room a little before you reach the sliding glass door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight past the table and chairs and go past the stairs on the left. Wait near the couches on the left. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward toward the dining table. Go the living room area, and stop in front of the sliding glass door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go down the hallway and make your first right turn. Go down that hallway and turn into the first door on your right. Wait in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right in the hallway. Turn right into the first office #360 and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight and then right. Go straight again and then stop at first door on the right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk towards the stairs.  Enter the room just left of the steps.  Immediately turn right.  Stay right as you follow the round wall.  Exit through the front door.  Wait here. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room by going to the right. Then take the left most way and go right in the large hall. Then take another right, and another right to exit the house. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and walk towards the steps behind you. Turn left and go past the stairs. In the next room turn right and walk towards the glass display case. Walk out the door to the right of the display case and stop when you get out. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn right and go past the patio couches. Use the large doors ahead to go inside. Turn left and then turn left again. Wait there near the stove. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk towards the white wicker chairs. Continue past the white wicker chairs and go through the doorway behind the wicker couch. Turn left inside the doorway. Turn left and enter the kitchen. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go to the couch on the patio. Enter the house into the kitchen. Go to the stove in the room next to the kitchen. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight through the glass doors. Walk past the desk. Continue straight until you see three lounge chairs. Turn left and go straight until you get to a room with a square design on the floor. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the double glass doors and around the hollow square wall. Walk left past the wall into the hallway. Stop by the three paintings. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the glass doors and go forward. Take a left after the partition. Go down the hall and stop before you enter the open area. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right and turn left and go into the bathroom. Stop in the hall near the stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter the room with two twin beds and a large wall tv. Walk past the beds, into the bathroom. Go through the bathroom and stop in the hallway in front of the stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter the door on the right, then go over the beds and through the bathroom.  Wait on the hardwood floor past the bathroom adjacent to the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the living room and wait in the foyer near the table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk straight across the room in front of you and out the doorway on the other side. Once out the doorway, stop facing the wood table with a black top. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the couches and wait in the hallway directly in front of the painting and cabinet. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go inside and walk past the bath tub.  Turn left at the sink and walk into the next room towards the closet. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go inside Turn left, walk past the purple flowers. Stop in the doorway to the right of the towels. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the bathroom, and go left. Enter the closet and stop once you pass the doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk through the doors and past the sink, make a right past the kitchen counter and then towards the open doors. Stop once you're near the table. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit and turn right towards the kitchen area. Walk passing the ceramic counter and turn left at the end of the table. Walk toward the small table with six white chairs and stop there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go to the sink. Go to the far side of the bar. Go to the left of the dining table. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn to your left and walk to the other side of the bedroom. Stop right in front of the glass door leading to outside. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Pass the bed and stop by the patio window. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the foot of the bed and the tub and stand between the two chairs in front of the glass doors to the deck.  Stop just before stepping onto the deck. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left and enter the hallway.  Then turn left and walk up the stairs then along the hall.  Turn right and enter the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go down the stairs turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Walk down the hallway then turn right and go into the bathroom on the right. Wait near the sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go down three stairs, and take a left. Take a left, and go up three stairs, and down a hallway. take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
VLzqgDo317F walk towards the red rope. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right at ropes and walk straight down hall to steps on left. Walk up steps and stop at the top of them. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right out the doors beside you. Once out, turn right and walk out the next set of doors and down the hallway until the room opens up. Once you reach the room, turn left and walk up the few steps in front of you and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk towards the red arm chair. Walk between the red arms chairs and head to the dining room with the chandelier. Make a left and walk to the kitchen island. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk past the fireplace, between the pink chairs. Walk through the dinning room and stop in the kitchen next to the barstools. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 With the Christmas tree to your right, walk towards the red chair and into the dining room.  Walk down the length of the dining room and into the kitchen at the other end of the table.  Stop just after stepping into the kitchen. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room. Turn left then turn left again and wait near the pool table. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Walk until you see a pool table and then stop at the end with the triangle. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom. turn left and to until you see a pool table. Go to the pool table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and go past the bed. Go straight and exit the glass door on the left. Wait at the balcony. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the room and walk around the bed.  Go out on the patio and stop after taking a few steps. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and walk into the room. Walk to the left side of the room and out the door to your right. Stop once you are outside. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the bathroom past the sink and through the door to the hallway Walk into the hall and through the nearby open door with an old rotary phone on the wall. Walk into the room, which is a bedroom. Walk Past the bed and night stand through the open door in the corner. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn right and walk through the door. In the next room turn left and walk to the left side of the bed. Stop in the doorway to the left of the bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around and exit the bathroom.  Then enter the bedroom. Wait near the bedroom door and the chair. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Enter the doorway and walk towards the brown recliner. Continue past the recliner and walk towards the arcade machine. Turn left in front of the arcade machine and enter the doorway on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bedroom and walk past the pool table .  Stand near the arcade game. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave the bedroom, and veer left. Go into the bedroom to the left of the arcade machine. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk through the bedroom towards the stairs.  Walk up steps, and turn left.  Walk up second set of steps and enter the room straight ahead.  Wait here. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the bedroom and go up the first set of stairs.  Turn left and go up a few more stairs and stop in the doorway on the landing. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the bedroom and walk up the stairs.  Turn left and go up a few more stairs and enter a room with a fireplace on the far wall.  Stop in the doorway to this room. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk past the refrigerator and stop on the rug by the beanbag chair. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk forward past the kitchen, then turn right and wait near the window. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk through the kitchen and take a right after the refrigerator. Stop on the rug under the mirror. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the stairs and down the hallway with the framed art on the left.  After going through the door at the end into the bedroom and stop just after entering this room. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight down the hallway. Pass the stairs on the right. Continue straight until you go into a room. Wait near the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Travel straight down the hallway past some stairs, enter the door at the end of the hallway and stand near the bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk down to the front near the flat screen.  Then  walk around the couches to the door in the back. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the couches and then around past the hallway and walk towards the stairs, stopping by the open door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk towards the TV. At the TV, turn right and walk down the walkway following the wood railing. Turn into the first doorway on the left and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Stop in the doorway to the left of the stairs, next to the mirror with hats hanging on it. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Move past the dining table with the black chairs. Go to the door to the left of the staircase. Stop in front of the door. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk toward the dining table and past the stairs. Walk to the main door on the left of the stairs. Stop before you head outside. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and exit the bathroom. Continue to exit the bedroom and enter the hall. In the hall take a left and then stop right next to the sofa. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom. Exit the room. Turn left go straight until you get to couches and wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the bathroom and the bedroom.Take a left in the hallway, and enter the living room area on your left. Stop next tot he large leather chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom. Turn left and through the doorway. Continue straight across the open room and through the doorway. Stop a couple of feet inside the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF With the sinks behind you, exit through the door on the left.  Turn left after going through this doorway and walk out the door and through the room to the door on the opposite side, just past the table with the horse statue on it.  Stop just after passing through the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom by the solid wooden door to the left of the vanity mirror.  Go through the first door on your left upon exiting the bathroom, and walk straight across the adjacent room.  A glass topped table with white chairs will be on your left as you pass.  Stop when you walk through the doorway in front of you. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk along the hallway and exit the door labeled 04. Turn left and walk across the hallway. Wait at the entrance of the hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight across the room alongside the long table and exit out the wood door. Once out, turn left and enter the double wood doors and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room through the door marked "04" in a black hexagon, and then make a left.  Walk through the doorway in front of you and then stop.  You will see a couch and two chairs on a rug in to your left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and enter the room at the end.  Turn left after walking into the bedroom and walk into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the first sink. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight down the hallway until you get to a room. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and enter the bedroom. Then turn left again and enter the bathroom. Stand next to the bath tub. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go to the kitchen area to the left of the patio.  Walk straight through the kitchen and stop a few steps after passing the frosted glass door.  You will have just entered the dining area. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and go past the bar with the stools/chairs on the right. Wait near the glass table with the chairs on the right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Take a left past the balcony, and enter the kitchen. Walk through, and into the dining area. Stop outside of the door to the bathroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go straight in between the table and china closet.Turn left and walk towards the piano. Turn, right, enter the hallway, and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk toward the grand piano. When you get to the piano turn right. Wait in that hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the living room, and take a left towards the piano. Take a right at the piano and enter the hall. Stop once you are in the hall. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right and walk towards the sofas. Turn hard right facing the 4 doorway area and enter the third door counting from the left. Wait at the entrance of the movie entertainment area. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the kitchen to your right. Walk past the sofa and turn right then enter the theater room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk around the corner towards the couch and fireplace. Walk down the tile walkway past the couches and the bar counter of the kitchen. Turn the corner past the bar counter and walk into the hallway. Continue through the open door at the end of the hall that is nearest to the kitchen. Walk into the room, which is a small movie room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk to the far end of the sitting room and wait in the entryway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Head right and walk towards the statue, stopping once you're into the room with all of the open doors. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and walk to the right side of the stairs. Keep walking straight forward and stop when you reach the splatter painting on the wall. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go straight past the fireplace and then turn left and go straight into the hallway on the right. Turn right and wait near the round rug. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn to the left and walk to the right of the brown leather sofa. Walk around the coffee table in front of the fire place. Walk around the lounge chair and go through the rounded entryway. and walk towards the circular rug Stop in front of the artwork with writing on the right. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk towards the wall with 6 pictures,make a right turn and stop near the thin picture by the wall. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and walk towards the left. Descend the stairs and stop at the bottom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the room and turn left in the hallway.  Go down all the stairs and stop at the bottom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and enter the hallway. Once in the hallway, turn left and go down the stairs. Keep turning and go all the way to the bottom and stop in front of the small table at the bottom. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Wait near the black chair that is by the bookcase. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Cross to the grey couch and towards the patio door. Stop in the blue armchair. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk around the grey couch and stop next to the black leather chair behind it, near the bookshelves. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs and go straight to the wooden table with wooden benches.  Stop after stepping on the blue carpet at the end closest to you. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs. Go toward the dining room table and wait on the edge of the blue rug next to the sculpture. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs and at the top walk towards the wooden table and benches to your left.  Stop just after stepping on the blue carpet on the end of the table farthest from the window. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room and turn left. Walk out the first door on the left. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room and walk past the bookcase. Wait outside on the mat. 
82sE5b5pLXE walk forward exiting the room, then turn hard left, then walk again, exit at the front of the gate. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit bedroom and go up the first flight. Stop between the first and second flight of stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the room using the door on the right. Go up the steps then stop there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the bedroom, and keep walking forward until you see one set of stairs. Climb up to the top of the  stairs, and stop there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk straight toward the house almost until you pass the pool and wait there at the ending corner of the pool. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go around the pool and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk on the path in between the pool and grass. Stop before reaching the corner of the grass. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the door next to the potted plant and walk inside the room.  Turn left once inside and go into the closet.  Stop after stepping into the closet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward and enter the bedroom and stand near the closet. 
29hnd4uzFmX exit the room then enter at the door with a plant beside it then turn left at the clothing room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the sitting room, walk towards the kitchen and stop in front of the door, near the dining table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk toward the fireplace then turn right. Turn right again then go straight until you get to a  round table with three candles in a clear vase on the right. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right. Circle around couch. Go forward. Stop at table. 
i5noydFURQK Walk up the stairwell to the next level. Turn the corner at the top and walk down the hall with pictures of surfers and beach scenes on the wall. Continue down the hall and turn the corner. Pass the bathroom and cabinets and walk through the door next to the bathroom into a bedroom with art on the walls and a small dresser in the corner near the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Go up stairs.  Turn left at the top, and walk straight.  Turn right at the photo of a beach.  Enter the second door on the right.  Wait by bed. 
i5noydFURQK Walk up one flight of stairs. Turn left Walk down the hallway. Turn right at the last doorway on the right side of the hallway after the pictures on the wall. Walk forward. Turn right in the second doorway on the right into the bedroom. Wait by the closet. 
V2XKFyX4ASd With the door to the deck on your right, walk straight and go down the stairs.  Stop on the fourth step from the bottom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop near the bottom stair. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go forward and go down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the doorway and make a sharp turn right then left behind the couch. Walk past the table with the plants and stop by the dining room table and chairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight and turn down the hall on the right. Turn right into the living room, and go left before the couch. Go straight and stop just left of the table and chairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the room, and go right. Enter the living room on the right. Walk behind the first couch and go left. Walk to the dining area, and stop behind the left bench. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left and walk down the hall, at the first door turn left and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left and enter the hallway. Once in the hallway turn left into the first door. Stop once you enter the room and are facing the long table. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go in to the hallways with a rug. Stop before you reach the rug and turn left into the room. Stop right inside the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom.   Walk to the staircase.  Wait here. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn to the left and exit the bathroom. Walk towards the stairs and stop on the third stair. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom, and the TV room. Go up three stairs. Stop on the third stair from the bottom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around until facing the gray rug on the floor. Walk forwards over the rug in front of the couch. Go through the open door to the outside. Turn right and walk in front of the long gray couches on the porch. Take a right when you get to the edge of the second gray couch and enter into the  large living room area and stop behind the two white chairs, in front of the statue that looks like a man. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and walk outside through the door behind you. Once outside, turn right and walk to the other end of the pool, At the end of the pool turn right and enter the door back into the house and stop behind the 2 white chairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go outside and enter the sitting room, behind the lounge chairs. Wait near the white chairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR walk straight along the hallway until you reach the living room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn right and walk down the hall.  Stop in the bedroom and wait by the chair. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk forward down the hall toward the plant. Enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the sailboat picture. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk upstairs, into the kitchen and stop in the archway to the dining room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go up the stairs. Turn left and go into the dining room. Turn left again and wait near the large table with chairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk up the staircase, and turn left at the corner. Walk forward, and turn left again towards the long dining table, and stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk down the stairs to the bottom and then turn left.  wait by the dining room table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down the stairs. Turn left and then left again. Wait near the table and chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down the stairs, and go left. Take another left into the dining room. Stop behind the first dining chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the black and white painting to your left, walk straight towards the room with the couch and rug in it.  When you enter this room, walk through it and walk outside.  Stop just after stepping outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn to your left and walk down the hallway to the end. Once you are in the room. Walk through the room and out the door leading outside and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go forward though the door. Go over the rug and between the couch and chairs. Stop outside. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk to the left of the mirror, through the door, and outside through the door to the left. Stop when you get to the plants on the right, next to the pool. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Exit the shower room and go through the door directly ahead. Turn left and go through the door to the outside. Stop by the first flowerbed and wait there. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk forward past vanity. Turn left and exit through door. Stop at pool. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk down the stairs and then across the room. On the other side, turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk up the few steps and stop in the doorway at the top. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go down the stairs and straight. Turn left into the hallway and go up the steps . Go through the door and wait near the black bench. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk along the glass wall and wine rack, and wait inside a wooden doorway with some white lockers in the room, and black benches. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the stairs on the right. Walk straight through the hallway. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the room, go up the steps and stop in the first door on the right. 
uNb9QFRL6hY With the desk behind you, walk into the hallway and turn right.  Go up the stairs and past a painting.  Turn right after passing the painting and enter the bathroom.  Stop just after stepping into the bathroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk straight and into the door on the slight right.  Go straight and down the steps. Turn left into the second opening and then turn right and wait near the entrance. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk along the stone pathway past the potted plants. Continue into the front door of the home. Walk past the wood and glass cabinet and turn the corner past it. Walk down the hall with the wooden cabinets. Turn into the first open door that leads to a bedroom with a green blanket covering the bed. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk forward toward potted plants. Walk past gate through doorway. Walk down right side of room to the stairs. Walk down the stairs to hall with wood paneling. At second doorway, turn left. Walk forward and stop in doorway of bedroom on right. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left and head through the hallway.  Walk straight into the room.  Turn right and stop at the black chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left to enter the hallway. Then take your next immediate left and continue to the desks. Turn right by the white bookshelves and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards the large green vase and then turn left and walk through the rock hallway. On the other side turn right and walk forward and stop when you reach the long wood table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and go to the bar. Go around the bar to the left and pass the table. Take the pathway on the left and pass the painting. Go through the door  and stop in front of the tv. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk straight toward the couches.Pass them then turn right. Walk toward the fridge. When you get to the fridge turn left and into the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway until you get to a room with couches and tv. Wait near the TV. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and head toward the kitchen area. Turn left and walk along the bar area behind the stools. Once you reach the other end of the bar, turn right and enter the doorway to the left. Turn left to enter the door at the end and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit bathroom.   Walk on carpet, then turn right.  Enter the bedroom door.  Face left, and exit the room through glass door.  Wait on balcony. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the bathroom, go through the bedroom and wait outside on the balcony. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk out of the room with the toilet and turn right on the red rug into the bedroom.  Walk past the foot of the bed and onto the patio.  Stop just after stepping onto the patio. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down the stairs to the first land and wait there, near the baluster. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down the stairs and stop on the landing at the bottom of the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Head downstairs and wait where the stair splits two ways. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go inside using the door on the left. Turn right and walk past the sink on the right. Wait near the stairs going up. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk into the doorway by the plants and turn right in the building Walk past the wooden table and stop by the stairs. . 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn right. Enter open door. Turn right at door. Follow forward into kitchen. Turn to stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward and down the hallway to the right. Once out the door, turn right and then enter the door to your right and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the screen in the hallway and enter the room with the beauty chair. Turn to the right and stop in the doorway on the right. This enters into a room with two long benches and a glass case. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit bathroom. Walk down the hallway with the lockers on the left. Exit room and turn right. Make another hard right and stop in the doorway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn right and go through the kitchen. Walk straight past the chair and up the stairs on the right. Go straight into the room and wait near the entrance. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk through the kitchen and past the round table and chairs.  Turn right at the stairs and go up them and into the room off the landing with the fireplace in it.  After passing through the doorway, take a few steps towards the fireplace and then stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn right and go right. Follow until doorway is reached. Turn right and then enter room before going through doorway. Go forward. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk out the men's locker room and enter the lobby. Wait near the door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hallway past the water cooler and lockers. Stop in the doorway past the lockers that enters into the lobby,. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk all the way forward passing both the mirrors on the right. Enter the open door that is straight ahead of you, and stop there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the foot of the bed and out the door.  Stop just after stepping out of the room. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the bed and through the open door, turning slightly right and stopping once you see the two large windows. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Continue walking straight and arrive at the open door at the end of the room.  Turn left to walk through the door.  Once past the door, stop.  A railing should be directly in front of you. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight past the lounge chairs and after you pass the pool. Wait near the lounge couches with lights in them. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk toward the pool and then turn right, continue to walk forward, keeping the pool to your left until you are even with the head of the pool. Then stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go towards the swimming pool, and pass it, waiting on the far end up it near some lit small palm trees in a raised planter. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight towards doorway. Enter doorway and turn right. Wait at doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF walk through the doorway. stand under the light. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Head straight ahead past the table. Go through doorway. Stop at doorway to bathroom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the small bathroom area and stand next to the makeup mirror on your right. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit bathroom.  Turn right to enter room with bath tub.  Turn right and walk towards door.  Wait here. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward through door. Turn right. Stop by the rightside sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Head towards the door in the white hallway.  Enter room.  Wait here. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk toward the pool table then turn right. Go into the door straight ahead and wait near the back row of couches. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Take a right immediately before the pool table. Wait by the doorway leading into the home theater. 
ZMojNkEp431 Take a slight left at the ping pong table. Go toward the staircase. Wait by the white chair at the desk. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight past the ping pong table and then turn right and walk toward the stairs. Wait near there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the ping pong table and stand near the edge of table by the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk to the right side of the room past the purple and orange furniture. Once you pass the large silver thing to your right, turn right and walk out the door leading outside. Stop once you are outside. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go to the bottom of the stairs. Go to the back of the purple couch. Go to the large metal pillar. Go to the hallway between the two metal chairs. Go out the glass doorway on the right side and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa walk towards kitchen, turn left and walk down the small set of stairs, pass the small table and turn right, walk towards giant chrome cylinder, walk to the left side of the chrome cylinder, turn right at the two chrome chairs, and stop in doorway to outside. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Head up the stairs, walk forward through the hallway, turn right into the bathroom near the lion statue,and wait near the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk up the staircase, walk straight and down the hallway on the right turn right into the bathroom before the stairs that go down, stop in front of the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up the stairs and walk down the hall. Turn into the bathroom on the right once you reach the top of the steps. 
VLzqgDo317F walk down carpeted hallway to the left of fireplace, walk through double doors, turn left when you reach the top of the stairs, walk over rope and stop next to table. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room through the door near the fireplace, then wait in the dining room near the table. 
VLzqgDo317F Head down the hallway and stop next to the table. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn slightly right to continue going down the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. wait at the entrance. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Make a left. Walk past the wall vent on the left. Make a right just after the bathroom. Make a right opposite the console table to the left. Wait at the threshold of the open door. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the room, and take a left. Take a right at the end of the hall, and take the first right. Enter the room, and stop in the doorway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go up the stairs and turn right. Go in the bedroom and wait at the foot of the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go up the stairs and take a hard right. Walk to the first door on the right and enter to room. Wait by the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up stairs.   When your reach the top turn right, and enter the bedroom to the right.  Wait here. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk through doorway in the middle of frosted glass wall, turn right down hallway, turn left at brick wall, stop in front of first doorway on your left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go through the door behind you on your left hand side. Move down the hall to the right toward the fire extinguisher. Move to the goal in front of the fire extinguisher. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and turn right. Walk forward until you are standing in front of the exit sign and turn left. Walk forward until you reach the fire extinguisher and wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit bathroom turn hard left.  Walk past stairs.  Turn right and wait by outside furniture. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight and turn left to head down the hallway. Head passed the stairs and turn right to pass the table. Stop near the white couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the restroom. Turn left and go to the right side of the staircase. Go to the other side of the table on the far side of the white couch. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and walk across the room and exit out the door to the far right. Walk down the hallway and stop in the doorway of the 2nd door on your right. 
aayBHfsNo7d walk towards fireplace, turn left and walk through doorway to exit bedroom, pass bedroom on right, stop in next doorway on right and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bedroom, walking past the fireplace on your right. Walk forward to the second door on your right.  Wait in the entrance to the laundry room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit office, turn left at stairs, walk to table with jade statue, wait here. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit through the room via door to the left of the big blue ball.  Walk past the dining table and turn right.  Walk to the round table with the four chairs around it.  Stop in front of the table so that the horse statue on the table is facing you. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk thourgh double doors. Turn left and go past the table. Go diagonally righ past the cabinet and behind the loveseat. Stop at round table. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight passed the couches and stop near the windows in the corner. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the fireplace and wait in front of the windows next to the ottoman. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk across the living room past the TV.  Wait by the mirror and windows. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk right and up the first set of stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 walk away from leather couch towards giant stone arch, turn left after you walk under arch, up black staircase, stop at the top of the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight then turn left and go up the steps on the left. Wait there near the white couch. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn left and go down the long hallway. Stop near the last door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past stairs on the right. Walk past dining room on the left. Walk past wall mural of vineyard on the left. Wait under the pendant light hanging from the ceiling. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Move past the staircase on the right wait in the narrow hallway between the two paintings on the wall. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the stairs to the landing and turn left. Walk down the second set of stairs.  Walk past the fire extinguisher and turn left.  Wait inside the gallery at the bottom of the steps. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs. Turn left and continue going down the stairs. Turn left and go down the steps. Wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the stairs and turn to the left. Continue down the stairs to the bottom and enter the showroom to your left.  Stand near the bath tub. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk straight ahead and past the stairs and enter the doorway.  Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the bed and enter the doorway to your left. and stop facing in the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go straight passed the stairs and turn into the bedroom on the left. Stop in the bathroom door in the back left. 
759xd9YjKW5 walk through doorway towards stairs, slight left and right again to walk past stairs through doorway, turn left and walk into bedroom, walk past foot of bed towards chairs, walk past chairs and turn left towards bathroom, stop in doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and walk toward the patio. Walk past the chairs, go through the sliding door and wait just inside the living room. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight toward the couches in the patio. Go into the house and wait near the circular couches. 
vyrNrziPKCB Stand with the stairs on your left and walk straight along the pathway.  Turn right when the walkway branches off that way and walk past the pillars and sitting area outside and into the building.  Stop just after stepping into the building, near a sofa in front of a fireplace. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room.  Turn right and go through the arched doorway. Go and stop at the top of the nearest side of the stairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and walk through the small hallway. Once you enter the next room, turn right and go across the room into the door in the middle with a rounded top. Walk to the of the hallway, turn left and stop at the wood railing facing the large open room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk out of the room and turn right. Go through the middle door on the right. Walk straight and stop at the room with stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk towards the large green vase. Once you reach the vase, turn left and enter the room with the words #downtown beside the door. Once you enter stop when you get to black chair looking into the room. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight to green vase, turn left and enter work room. Stop at paper rolls. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and go down the hall. Go left through the white door and stop by the black chair. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and turn left down the hallway. Go just passed the doorway at the end of the hall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and go all the way down the hallway and into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward and turn left to enter the hallway. Go straight down the hallway and stop at the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn right and walk down the hallway to your right past the water cooler. Stop once you are at the last doorway on the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the archway and go through the locker room. Go past the water cooler on your left and enter the bathroom area. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the lockers on the right. Walk past the water cooler on the left. Wait in the threshold to the bathroom on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk in between dining table and sofa.  Enter room to the left of the tall wooden chairs.  After you enter the room, make a right.  Wait by bathtub. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and go across the room past the couches. Enter the doorway to the left of the tall wooden table with 2 chairs. Once inside the room, turn right and walk to the right side of the bed and stop once you reach the different floor in front of the wood door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past fireplace on the left. Enter room through open door on the left of the cafe table set. Walk past the bed on the left. Wait at the tub. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room. Wait near the bed. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk through the room you are in doors, past the stairs then turn left when you reach the bedroom and walk into the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk through the open door towards the staircase. Turn left at the first open door into the bedroom and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk towards staircase.  Continue past staircase.  Wait by window with red and white striped curtains. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn left and go straight passed the stairs. Enter the archway and stop on the right side of the entry. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward toward the stairs. Go to the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway to the right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk toward the door with the vented bottom and turn left to leave the kitchen. Walk past the trellised wall into a small hallway. Go left into the double bedroom. Arrive between two beds. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the kitchen island on the right. Make a left at the switch-plate on the wall to the left. Walk past the wood panel wall dividers on the right. Walk past the bathroom on the right. Enter the open bedroom door to the right of the black leather chair. Wait at the TV. 
sT4fr6TAbpF walk on left side of kitchen island, turn left through doorway, walk on right side of glass table through doorway, turn left walk in front of black chair through doorway walk past foot of first bed and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk towards the bed, turn left, pass the dining table, look straight ahead and walk toward the small refrigerator under the counter on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room and walk straight ahead to toward the bed. Turn left and pass the bed. Walk straight toward the small fridge and stop there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom directly across. Go left and pass between the foot of the bed and dresser. Go into the little kitchen and stop in front of the dishwasher. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk forward and turn left at the second corner to enter a room full of books with shelf. Walk forward towards a door leading to another room, and stop there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and cross the table. Then turn left to enter the library and turn right to head into the second room. Stop near the table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around away from stairs. Go forward and take first left. Go forward and go through doorway. Stop at doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bar area through the glass door. Turn right. Go toward the dining table. Pass the dining table and go toward the large window. Wait by the cream couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go to the staircase. Go to the other side of the dining room table. Go to the white couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 proceed forward through glass door, turn right before stairs, turn right after gold stump, left after dining table, continue straight towards couch and stop when you've reached the corner of the white couch. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn and around and take a right turn to go between the benches. Turn left passed the pillar and stop at the end of the first bench on the right. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk a bit forward, and turn right at the very first empty space between the benches. Keep walking forward passing the pole, and stop in front of the bench that have maroon cushions on them. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn around and walk forward. Turn right to go down the aisle between the seats. Once you reach the other end, turn left and stop at the end of the seat against the wall. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn right and follow the path, passing between the two pillars. Stop in the open doorway. 
VVfe2KiqLaN face the pool, turn left, walk straight towards house, walk after you walk through doorway inside house. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk forward. Stop inside the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the square mosaic and go right down the hallway.  Go through the opening in the 11 o'clock position and into the room with the three beds.  Stand so they the beds are to your left and the mirror is in front of you.  Walk into the room to the right of the mirror and stop in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward to the end of the mosaic tiles on the floor and turn right. Walk to the end of this passage and turn left, entering the room. Turn right and  walk forward until you reach the doorway to the right of the mirror. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk to the corner diagonal to where you are. Turn right and walk down the hallway and continue forward across the foyer area and go to the doorway in front of you on the right. Stop in the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go down the stairs and turn left. Wait in front of the bedroom door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go down the stairs nearest you, stopping at the very bottom of the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down stairs. Wait at wall mirror. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn right and walk through the kitchen.  Then turn left and enter the foyer. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn right and pass the dining table. Pass the white desk and go through the doorway on the left. Go forward toward the rug. Turn right and go toward the stairs. Go up 2 steps. Stop there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn right and walk past the cabinets and desk area. Turn left and exit the room. Once out, turn right and start up the stairs. Stop on the 2nd step from the bottom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk past the table. Wait in front of the large double doors at the end of the table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and go across the room to the large wooden entry way on the opposite side. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around 160 degrees. Walk straight across the room past the dining table. When you get just past the end of the table, turn slight right, then a quick slight left and continue straight until you are standing in the center of the doorway. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the steps on the left. Turn left and wait near the large white doors. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the kitchen. Walk up stairs. Walk past the closed door on the left. Walk up stairs. Make a hard left on the landing.  Wait at the sliding barn door to the left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit kitchen and walk towards the stairs. Go up the first flight of stairs and turn left on the landing. Stop near the sliding door. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk across living room, turn left and enter super cool theater room. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk towards kitchen.  Turn left into hallway.  Enter first door on left.  Wait by gold cushions. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk straight past the glass table with white chairs then turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the closet and then the bedroom. Stop near the top of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the closet and then go the left and out the door by the bed and exit the bedroom and wait at the top of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and exit the door to the right. Once out turn right and start to go down the stairs. Stop after you go down 3 stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk past stove through doorway,turn left at brown cabinet, walk slight right and stop in doorway to bedroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the small kitchen and enter kitchen proper. Go left out of the kitchen and through the hallway to the bedroom. Arrive in the doorway of the bedroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk passed the counter toward the kitchen, and turn left into the bedroom across the hall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight into the hall and down the hall to the right. Turn right around the corner and stop at the top of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk through doorway to exit laundry room, turn right and walk down hallway, turn right after the banister and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the laundry room. Pass the stair case. Turn right into the landing. Follow the white banister around to the right. Wait there near the top of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and go left passed the pool. Go into the first room on the left with a bed. 
r47D5H71a5s Enter the room with the exercise equipment and turn left. Walk straight and down the the left side of the pool and into the alcove behind the wall at the end of the pool. Turn hard left and go the doorway leading into the massage room and wait at the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Go left towards the treadmill. Walk past it, going on the left side of the pool. Go down the narrow hallway, going into the room on your left, which is about a 160 degree left turn. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom. Walk past the office on the right. Walk up stairs.Walk across landing. Wait near eight framed landscape photos. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the doorway on the left and continue down the hall. Turn left to ascend the staircase. Stop at the top set of stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Move forward through the open door to the right.  Go down the hall and go up the staircase on the left.  Wait near the top of the stairs. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around and walk to the end of the hallway. Cross over the glass in the floor and enter the next small hallway and stop at the end. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around one hundred and eighty degrees.  Walk straight down the hall until you get to the room with the glass bottom floor.  Proceed over the glass bottom floor until you reach another short hallway.  Walk straight until you cannot walk anymore because there is a wall in front of you. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk straight forward through the room, stop near the bedroom doorways. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and walk forward. Enter the bedroom, and walk towards the bed. Pass the bed and turn left towards a corner. Enter, and turn turn right towards the bathroom, and stop there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh You need to make a left out of the small hall and go into the bedroom. Now walk to the end of the bed and make a left to go through the entryway. When you are in the entryway turn right and wait just inside the bathroom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left. Go around the bed and turn left. Exit the room and turn right. Wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom. Take a slight left toward the curtained archway. Pass through the archway. Exit the room to the door on the left. Take an immediate right through the double doors. Turn into the next bedroom door on the left. Stop there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk past the bed on the right. Walk past the wall-mounted TV on the right. Walk through the open door on the left. Walk through the open door on the right. Wait at the threshold of the bedroom door on the left. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and exit the bathroom. Walk across the bedroom and exit out the curtains. Once out, turn left and exit out the white door. Once out turn right and enter the double white doors. Walk forward and turn in the next door on the left and stop facing into the bedroom. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop at the second door on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop when you reach the third door on your left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down hall, stop at 2nd door on the left. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the red and purple furniture in the living room area and the glass table on your left.  Turn left and walk up the small staircase into the kitchen area and wait at the top of the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn right and walk past the table. Go up the stairs and wait next to the sink. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk straight toward the red and purple couches. Pass them and go up the steps on the left. Wait near the sink of the kitchen. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk through doorway out of laundry room, turn left to walk down hallway, turn left and walk behind couch, turn right after couch and walk behind three chairs, turn left after round table and stop before you reach the carpet under the small white couch. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the room. Turn left. Turn left again and walk past the glass table and chairs. Walk pas the round table and toward the couches. Wait near the couch on the right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave this room.Turn left, then go down hallway, then turn left again. Go behind the coffee table, standing just inside the double sliding doors. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Enter the living room area at the top of the stairs and walk towards the sliding glass door.  Exit through the sliding glass door and wait just outside on the balcony. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up one step and go straight through the room. Proceed through the open sliding glass doorway to the outside and wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 walk straight exiting the glass sliding door then stop at the table. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn right and go into the large door on the right that leads to the outside. Wait there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk into the main room and make a sharp turn right. Walk outside and stop just past the mat. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Enter the open space, then go through the door on the right.  Wait just past the black doormat. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight past the kitchen until you get to the dining room table. Turn left and pass the table and chairs. Continue straight until you pass another table and chairs on the left. Then wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave pantry to kitchen, turn left and walk towards the stairs. stop behind the chairs at entry way. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the wall oven on the right. Walk between the kitchen island and the dining table. Walk past the built-in kitchen desk on the left. Walk past the formal dining room on the left. Wait at the column on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the door to the left of the brown leather chair.  Walk straight, then turn left into the first door on the left.  Wait in bathroom. 
EDJbREhghzL walk towards bed, turn left and walk through doorway to left of leather chair, turn right and walk through first doorway, stop in front of sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bedroom and enter the bathroom through the first door. Wait in front of the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down hall up steps and turn left into bathroom. Enter bedroom on the right and stop next too bookcase. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the hallway towards the stairs and go up them.  Enter the first room on the top of the stairs.  While standing in front of the sink, turn right and stop after walking into the bedroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the hallway and up the stairs. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Turn right and stop in the bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Make a left in front of the bathroom. Walk up stairs. Walk past the painting on the wall to the right. walk pas the gym on the left. Walk through the open door to the left of the bathroom. Wait at the red dresser. 
1LXtFkjw3qL walk away from bedroom, turn left before bathroom and walk up three steps, continue straight through doorway to bedroom and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room and turn left. Head up the stairs and down the hallway. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait by the dresser. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and exit the room. Turn right and go past the stairs. Keep walking straight and stop in the middle once you past the bar. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk from sitting room to stairs, turn right and stop between dining room table and couch. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and walk through the living room. Then turn right and walk past the kitchen. Stand near the sofa. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right down the hallway, and go into the bathroom on the right. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the bedroom and wait in the bathroom doorway. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk towards the bedroom door , turn right into the bathroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM walk towards foot of bed, turn left, walk straight through doorway to exit bedroom, turn left and stop at the top of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom and stop at the top of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room through the middle door. Turn left, and walk directly in front of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and walk towards the pool and around to the left side of the pool. Once you are beside the pool, turn left and enter the doors to the far left to go inside. Stop once inside facing the large dining table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk around pool on concrete path until double doors, enter house and stop between two pillars. 
vyrNrziPKCB walk towards the door between two chairs and stop at the doorway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk toward the television on the wall.  Turn left before you reach the television.  Walk forward to exit through the door straight ahead.  Wait here. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk all the way forward towards the black or charcoal colored sofa set.Turn left at the corner. Walk forward and stop inside the door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and walk towards the TV on the wall. Turn left right before you reach the TV and enter the hallway. Stop once you are in the doorway straight ahead. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go toward the sink area on the left. Enter doorway on the left. Take a slight left and enter the bedroom. Go toward the bed. Stop there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the wet bar with the green smiling Buddha statue. Enter the bedroom and wait in front of the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the built-in bar on the left. Walk through the open bedroom door to the left of the bar. Wait at the bench at the foot of the bed. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right and then turn left. When you get to the plant turn left and go into the room on the right. Turn right and go into the double door on the right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn around and walk toward the stairs. At the stairs, turn right and walk towards the double wood doors. Turn left and keep walking until you reach the end with the fake tree. Turn Left and then right to enter the double white doors leading into the bedroom. Turn right inside the bedroom and then stop facing into the closet door to your right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right to steps. Enter right. Turn left. Go forward. Turn left and enter bedroom. Turn right and enter closet. 
i5noydFURQK Head up the stairs. Turn left at the top of the stairs. Pass the laundry room. Turn right before reaching the bedroom ahead. Turn into the bathroom through the first doorway on the right. Stop there. 
i5noydFURQK Go upstairs and to the end of the hall. Turn right and stop in the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Go up the stairs. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right and enter the doorway. Walk straight, turn right, and enter the bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk past sink and exit bathroom, turn left and walk past ottoman, walk through doorway towards stairs, turn left once you exit doorway and stop in front of doorway on the left. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn to your left and exit the bathroom. Once out, go across the room and exit out the door to your left. Once out, stop in front of the doorway to your left. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom and walk past the couch. Exit the room with the couch and wait in front of the door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight and turn right down the hall. Turn into the third room on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room. Turn right. Go forward. Stop at the entrance to the third doorway on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and turn right. Move down the hallway and wait in front of second door on the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the men's bathroom on the left. Walk past the wall-mounted phone on the wall to the right. Wait at the open doors just after the open baskets on the floor to the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hall and stop outside the double doors, near the steps. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk away from three lounge chairs, down long hallway, walk past wicker baskets on right, past double doorway on right and stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit bedroom and enter room with table football game.  Wait here. 
vyrNrziPKCB walk through doorway to the right of the bed, turn left at the fooseball table, turn right at the bookcase and stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the room. Turn left and wait near the book case on the left. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit bathroom, turn left and stop at entry way door. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and go out into the hall. Turn left and go up the two steps. 
vyrNrziPKCB walk away from sink through doorway, turn left when you reach the windows, walk up two marble steps and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go straight and enter the doorway on the left. Turn right and enter the room with the washing machine. Turn left and enter the closet. Turn left, go through the doorway, and enter the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go through the first doorway on the way to the kitchen. Go left at the first door into the closet. Go into the bathroom and stand in front of the bathtub. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and head through the doorway slightly ahead and to the left of you.  Proceed forward through the closet and turn left through the doorway, stopping next to the bathtub. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and enter the wood door to enter the house. Once you enter the house turn right to enter the other room. Walk past the table and out the door to the right and stop once you are facing the kitchen. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Enter home through door.  Walk past painting on the right, then make an extreme right turn into the dining area.  Pass the dining table, and enter the kitchen.  Wait by sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk inside, turn right, turn slight right and walk past the dinning table toward the kitchen. Wait near the kitchen sink. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into the room ahead and walk around the sofa on the left. Continue past the piano and the dining table, through the doorway and into the kitchen. Wait just inside the entry way. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk past the piano and enter the kitchen on your right.  Wait near the counter top. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right. Go forward through hallway. Enter far door on left. Enter kitchen. 
1pXnuDYAj8r face away from stairs, turn right, turn right and walk through doorway to bedroom, turn left and walk past the bed, turn left and enter bathroom and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and walk towards the horse picture. Once you are at the horse picture turn right and enter the room. Inside the room, turn left and walk across the room. At the other side, turn left and enter the bathroom and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the stairs on the right. Make a right in front of the framed horse artwork. Enter the bedroom. Walk past the bed on the left. Enter the bathroom. Wait at the shower stall. 
EDJbREhghzL walk away from sink through doorway, walk past foot of the bed and stop next to the chair before the archway. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit bathroom to bedroom, stop in archway. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bathroom. Walk past the bed and wait next to the chair on the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out the door straight ahead. Once out turn left and enter the wood door. Walk all the way through the room and enter the last door on the right. Go to the right side of the bathroom past the sinks and stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk straight and turn into the bedroom on the left. Turn into the bathroom on the right and stop by the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room. Turn left and to into the room next door. Turn right into the bathroom. Pass the sinks and go into the other bedroom. Wait near the entrance. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom.  Turn right and exit the bedroom. Walk past the backside of the green sofa and turn left. Walk forward and wait on the edge of the gray carpet next to the cowhide cube. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk towards bed, turn right on carpet and walk out door on right, straight past back of couch, turn left at plant, walk on right side on cow patterned seat, stop next to cow patterned stool on your right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom. Walk past the bed on the left. Exit the bedroom door. Walk between the grey and green couches. Wait at the cowhide ottoman. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past round table on the right. Make a hard left after the library on the left. Wait in the threshold of the open french doors. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight past the table on the right and the bookcase on the left then turn left. Wait in the hallway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the red sofa on the right and continue past the bookshelves on the left. Turn left and wait in the doorway with the double doors. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Turn to your left and go across the room to the other side of the bed. Stop at the foot of the bed with the table to your right. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Exit the bathroom then turn left. Go past the bed and wait near the small round table with the chairs. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 walk away from bathroom straight past bed,turn left to walk past foot of bed stop at the wood barrier. 
JF19kD82Mey Go down the hallway and wait next to the painting hanging on the wall. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the bedroom and go down the hall. Go past the stairs and stop next to the brown, tan, and white piece of art. 
JF19kD82Mey With the bed on your right side, walk out of the bedroom through the open doorway. Continue walking straight past the paintings on your left. Walk past the bathroom (which should be on your right hand side) and continue forward till you see an open doorway in front of you and that'll be your destination. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk straight ahead into the kitchen and turn right. Walk straight forward and turn right to go up the small set of stairs once you reach the bench on your left with brown cushions. At the top of the small set of stairs walk forward and end the door ahead. Stop once you enter the large room. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go into the kitchen and go right down the hall. Go up the stet of stairs on the right and stop in the doorway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the laundry room into the kitchen, then turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue forward until you reach the stairs going upward on your right. Climb one flight of stairs and stop in the doorway directly ahead of you. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Put the fireplace on your right and the staircase on your left, then walk forward. Continue past the double doors on your right, and then enter the archway on your right near the end of that room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and move down the hall past the tables. Turn right and wait in front of the water fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past stairs on the left. Walk past buffet table on the right. Make a right opposite the round table on the left. Wait at the water fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go right and down the long hall. Stop in the entryway on the left passed the first white table. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk inside and go straight.  When you get to the circular marble table in the middle of the room, turn left.  Stop in front of the drinking fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk inside through both doorways, pass the table with the white tablecloth and make a left through the immediate doorway, then stop in front of the drinking fountain. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Cross the living room keeping the couch on your left. Continue past the black chair. Stand in front of the painting. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight passed the furniture and stop by the fireplace. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk straight past the couch towards the painting. Pass between the couch and the saxophone and stop in front of the painting. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With the window behind you and a solid wall to your right, move forward to exit the room. Upon exiting, turn ninety degrees to the left and move forward. Then turn ninety degrees to the right after entering the room. Move forward past two large circular tables to your left and a display case on your right while walking to the stairs leading downwards. Walk past the stairs with the stairs on your left and stop at the vaulted hallway on your right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn right and then turn left in the hallway. Turn right at the door and continue to the right of the doorway and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit through the open door and turn left, then proceed into the open room with the carpet.  Turn right and go across the room.  Wait to the right near the top of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out of the bathroom and to the right. Walk past the dresser and out of the bedroom. Walk to the right and stop just inside the doorway by the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go down the hallway. Wait near the grand piano. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and walk through the master bathroom.  Enter the hallway to the right, proceed forward and wait by the stairs. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Step forward, turn left and enter the kitchen. Keep to your left, enter the doorway, and wait near the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk forward with three wooden chairs on your left. Turn left at the end of the hall, and go through that door. Turn left again, and go through that door. You will end up in a kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go past the three chairs on the left. Turn left. Go into the room. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait near the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right, and go down the hall to the right. Turn into the doorway on the right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and go to the other side of the table. Once you go past the table turn right and enter the double wood doors and stop in the hallway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards dining room table, turn right and walk in between table and mirror on the wall, walk past cheetah bench on your left, turn right before the bookcase and walk through the doorway onto marble floor and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit bedroom into hall and turn left to another bedroom, make your way to the bathroom and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go right into the hall, and go into the room on the left. Stop in the doorway in the back left corner. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bedroom, and turn left towards another bedroom that is straight ahead of you. Enter inside, and walk towards the curtains, and turn left at the corner door to enter the bathroom, and stop there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk all the way forward passing the brown door on your right. Turn right at the end of the corner and stop there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk past the framed artwork on the left. Make a right after the open door on the right. Wait in the hallway, near the whiteboard in the office to the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk to end of hall, turn right and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left ninety degrees.  There is a large table in front of you.  Walk towards the table.  Stop before you get to the rug.  Turn thirty degrees to your right.  Walk towards the doorway.  Stop in front of the food warming station.  Turn twenty degrees to your left.  Walk straight until the doorway is on your right.  Turn ninety degrees so that you are facing the open doorway.  Walk through the doorway.  Stop when you are halfway down the hall.  There is a large staircase in front of you. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk across room to exit at double doors. Wait at door to bathroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and walk through the dining room. Go through the double doors and wait in the hallway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave bathroom to hallway and turn right, Walk to living room and stop at white planter. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out turn right and walk towards the chair and turn right again and down the hallway. Enter the double doors on the end and stop once you reach the rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the bathroom. Go right towards kitchen, but stop short and go down hallway. Go through wooden double doors, and stop on the throw rug. 
vyrNrziPKCB walk away from desk on the left side of foose ball table, turn left and walk through doorway, walk straight and stop before you reach the over sized chair. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a room. Wait near the chairs on the left. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go forward and make a left turn at next aisle. Go through the aisle and stop after switch on your right. Wait there. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ walk towards fridge, turn left and walk through black door turn right and walk through doorway and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn left and go out the black door toward the patio. Turn right and wait near the round table with the chairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the stove on the right. Walk through the open door onto the wooden deck. Make a right to exit the screened enclosure. Wait near the open screen door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left to face desk. Walk toward door to leave the room. Turn left outside room. Walk down hall to living room. Turn left to enter living room. Walk past kitchen island. Stop next to round table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bedroom. Make a left. Walk past the leather chair on the left. Walk past the breakfast bar on the right. Wait at the round end table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left to kitchen. Stop between kitchen and dining table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk along the long table to the other end. Keep walking straight and stop at the first wood chair with a white cushion in the sitting room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk across dining room to sitting area with table. stop at white chair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk to the left side of the dining room table and stop just before the chair in the next room. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom through the open door.  Take the first hard right turn that is possible. Continue moving forward until you pass the stairs on your left-hand side. Enter  the room ahead of you and then halt there and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit into the hallway and turn toward the stairs. Walk past the stairs and stop just inside the next room. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the hall through the door on the right. Walk across the hallway past the stairs and wait by the door entrance going to the living room area and kitchen. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk forward through the kitchen and wait outside near wicker chair. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and head through the kitchen. Stop before going outside. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and go down the hall. Stop in the open door at the end. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go across the living room and up the small set of stairs. Go into the bathroom on the left that is next to the top of the stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk through the living room and up the short set of stairs. Walk forward past the spiral staircase on your left and the white door on your left. Turn left and enter the bathroom on your left.  Wait in front of the toilet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 walk away from outside, straight in between couch and daybed, up the small staircase, continue straight, turn left at the stop of the staircase and enter small bathroom and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk across living room, turn left in sitting room to TV room. Stop at first white chair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around one hundred and eighty degrees.  Walk towards the two couches.  Walk between the two couches towards the white coffee table.  Turn towards your left.  Walk towards the wicker chair.  Turn towards your left.  Walk through the doorway.  Stop when the white chair is to your right. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Put the bulk of the house on your left, and then walk forward. Go all the way to the end of the room, turn left, and enter the tv room. Stand in front of the coffee table. 
PuKPg4mmafe Cross the table and continue down the hallway. Turn left passed the piano. Go to the couches and go straight until you reach the second to last couch. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk diagonally towards the far corner of the room. Stop by the couch, nearest the corner. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk across the room towards the right. Go towards the columns to the left and enter the sitting areas. Walk to the last sitting area on the end with the brown chairs. Stop at the end of the couch in this sitting area facing the sitting area and the glass windows. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the laundry room and turn left at the first doorway.  Enter the bedroom and immediately turn left into the bathroom.  Stop when the toilet is on your right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk through the doorway to exit the laundry room, walk straight and turn left at the bear rug to walk through doorway into bedroom, turn left and walk into bathroom and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the laundry room and go into the nearest bedroom. Wait in the en suite bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk through the glass doors on the left and out into the large room with a bar. Go through the door on the left and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk straight ahead towards the glass doors with 3 lines on them. Walk through the doors and turn left. Enter the double wooden doors straight ahead and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go past the room dividers towards and through the glass doors.  Wait just inside the next set of doors under the exit sign. 
759xd9YjKW5 walk past bed through doorway, turn right walk down hallway, left at first opening, walk on the right side of table, stop in doorway on right. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the room and turn right. Follow the hallway passed the topiaries and turn left at the second one. Cross the white table and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go froward through doorway. Turn right. Go forward. Turn left into dinning room. Stop at entrance to living room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk out the door and into the hallway. In the hallway turn right and enter the large dining room. Turn left and exit the room through the middle of the big doors and stop when you reach the blue rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down hall, turn right at intersection into dining room. Turn left and walk into huge sitting room. Wait in center of room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH face two doors walk through doorway on the left towards old bathroom, turn right before bathroom walk towards carpet, turn left at table and walk through giant doorway and stop when you reach the carpet. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go through the glass sliding doors. Turn left and go into the double glass doors on the left. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Enter glass doors. Turn left and enter through double doors near lounge chairs. Stop there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk left out through the glass doorway and go to the doorway on the left. 
b8cTxDM8gDG walk down hallway towards stairs, walk down stairs, continue straight, walk down more stairs, turn right and walk down the rest of the stairs, turn left, walk straight and turn right and stop in front of stove. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight down the stairs and go left into the kitchen. Stop by the oven. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the stairs directly ahead. Head all the way down the stairs to the bottom floor. Turn left. Enter the kitchen. Wait by the stove. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left to walk down the hallway. Wait in the second doorway on the right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and enter the door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go down the hallway to the right side of the staircase. Go all the way to the bedroom door on the right side and stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk all the way forward towards the end room that is in front of you which is a bathroom. Enter the bathroom and stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Pass the window on the left. Pass the double doors and continue forward to the doorway directly ahead. Enter the restroom. Stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB walk down hallway away from two chairs, continue straight and stop once you walk through the doorway to the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK walk out of bathroom, turn right walk past tv, continue past dining table, and stop right past the table. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go past the couches on the right. Go past the table and wait near the window. 
i5noydFURQK Leave bathroom and walk past the living room.  Wait at the dining table. 
29hnd4uzFmX walk straight away from wall, past blue tanks on your right, through the doorway,turn left immediately and left gain through doorway and stop. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk straight out of the room. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room and walk into the next room on your left.  Stop just after entering this room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight and then go into the last room starting from the left. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk away from the musical instruments.Turn the corner and walk through the door to the bedroom closest to the stairs. Then go into that room's closet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward and then turn left when it opens up. Enter the door the right Once in, enter the door to your left and stop once you enter the closet. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit bathroom to dining room, turn right and stop at double doors. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bathroom, turn left , turn right, wait at the bedroom doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit through the door and turn left. Walk around the round table and head inside the door leading to a bedroom. Stop there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards the round table with the two chairs and stop in front of the bookcase ladder on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right and follow the path. Stop next to the desk. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk all the way forward passing everything and stop in front of the big book shelf visible on the left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go into the glass door on the right and into the bedroom. Go to the bathroom doorway in the back left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right and enter the doorway between the two white chairs. Pass in front of the bed and turn right, then enter the room on the left next to the nightstand with a lamp on it. Wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy walk through sliding glass door between two white chairs to enter bedroom, turn left to walk past foot of bed, turn right after bed, past first doorway, walk towards second doorway on left towards bathroom and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and exit the bathroom into the sitting area. Once in the sitting area, turn left and enter the dining room. Once in the dining room turn left and walk alongside the table. At the end, walk straight into the doorway to the kitchen and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 walk out of bathroom towards red chairs, walk in between two red chairs and turn left to walk through doorway, turn left before you reach dining room table and walk straight through doorway, stop before you reach kitchen island. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the room and walk towards the armchairs.Turn left, and leave the room through the archway towards the dining room. Exit that room and go into the kitchen. Stop in front of the granite counter top. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go down the long hallway to the left. Stop next to the bathroom sink. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go towards bed and then turn right. Walk along the rug towards the doorway. Go through the doorway, and stop just beyond the door, near the vanity. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk down the hallway to the left of the TV. Stop at the end of the hallway when it opens up and the sinks are to your left. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk up stairs. Make a left on the stair landing. Make a left through the open door on the left. Wait at the foot of the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va walk up the stairs, turn left to walk down hallway, walk through first doorway on left, stop at the foot of the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go upstairs and down the hall, past the double doors. Wait in the bedroom near the white striped chair. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight and turn left passed the table. Go passed the couch and into the large room. Turn right into the exercise room and stop in the doorway on the left. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk past kitchen on the right. Walk through the dining room. Walk past the curved sofa on the left. Make a right into the home gym. Wait in the threshold of the open double doors to the exterior. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight through the doorway that is in front of you.  Turn left ninety degrees once you are through the doorway.  Walk straight past the table that is on your right.  Turn twenty degrees to your right and walk through the large doorway in front of you.  Walk straight through the doorway and past the large couch that is on your left.  Once you are past the couch, turn right until you are facing a chair in the corner.  You will see a doorway to your right.  Walk through the doorway.  You will see an exercise machine and another doorway to your left.  Walk through the open doorway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down to the bottom of the stairs and turn left. Continue forward until you're standing on wooden flooring and the entrance to the kitchen is on your right. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go all the way down the stairs. Go left and stop near the kitchen island. 
b8cTxDM8gDG walk down the stairs, continue straight down more stairs, turn right and walk down the rest of the stairs and turn left, walk towards kitchen and stop before you reach the kitchen island and white chair. 
b8cTxDM8gDG With the sink on your left, exit the bathroom, climbing the two steps ahead of you. Continue forward, going past the stairs on your left. Stop at the entrance to the kitchen area on your right. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn left, then wait in the great room near the kitchen counter. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk up small set of stairs.  Continue straight and pass the staircase on the way to the kitchen area. Wait by blue counter top. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the large wooden sliding door on your right.  Turn right and walk towards the staircase.  Wait at the top of the staircase that would take you downstairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go in front of blue art hanging on the wall. Go down hall, turning left towards spiral staircase. Stand in front of the staircase going down. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk away from the carpet down the hallway, turn right after wood wall, continue straight, turn left and stop at the top of the staircase. 
VzqfbhrpDEA walk towards vanity, turn right and walk past tub and through doorway stop in front of mini sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk between the the tub and bathroom counter.  Go through the opening next to the bathroom counter and into the little hallway. Wait next to the family picture hanging on the left wall. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past tub on the right. Enter kitchenette, and wait at the sink. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left at green vase into main work room. Turn right and walk towards the entry. Stop at desk with white trash can. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk past the desk, turn right and walk past the long conference table. Wait next to the white trashcan. 
ZMojNkEp431 walk towards large green vase, turn left at vase, walk straight through stone hallway, walk to the right on table, turn right and walk between green table and brown table, stop under stone arch. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk straight across the room and go through the left archway. Turn right and wait between the two archways. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go straight unto the arch ahead. Turn slightly right and wait near the picture frame over the white pedestal. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk across the room, through the archway and wait near the mirror. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter large lobby and turn left. walk to the end of the room at center through double doors and stop on porch. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight toward the round table  then turn left and walk outside using the large double doors. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and head down the hall. Turn left at the table and head towards the other table. Go through the entryway on to the terrace and stop. 
HxpKQynjfin Leave the bathroom and walk past the round table to the deck door. 
HxpKQynjfin Turn around and walk towards the desk. At the desk turn left and walk in front of the couch and exit our the door to go outside. Stop once you step on on the deck. 
HxpKQynjfin Exit bathroom to bedroom and walk to balcony outside. Stop next to blue lounge chair. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave bathroom to bedroom and exit. Wait in hall. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom, walk across the bedroom and wait outside the bedroom door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom and the bedroom. Wait outside the hallway directly next to another bathroom. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Put the railing and windows on your right and walk to the end of the railing. Go half way down the stairs. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk past the bookshelves and wait halfway down the stairs. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk to the end of the walkway and wait near the top of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk around the blue sectional sofa, towards the stairs. Wait on the first step. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk to stairs behind the blue couch.  Wait here. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go around the blue couch toward the staircase. Go up one step. Wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go toward the television. Wait by the shelving with candles on it to the left of the Television. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk to the right behind the white couch and turn left to walk past the TV and coffee table. Walk past the white couch and pause in before the doorway next the to shelf with candles. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk around the furniture passed the tv and stop in the doorway by the painting. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave bathroom and walk to end of hall, turn left and wait in empty room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the door, and walk all the way forward. Pass the entire carpet and picture frames on the wall. Turn left towards the room that is first visible, and stop there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and go straight down the hallway to the end of the hall. Go the door leading into the bedroom on the left side of the hall and wait at the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit room with desks. Turn left. Go toward Exit sign. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out into the hallway. Turn left, and walk just past the first exit sign on the right wall. 
B6ByNegPMKs Step forward, turn left, move forward, then stop under the red exit sign. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right and walk into the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn left and then turn right into the single door to enter the long hallway. Stop at the first door to your left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go right into the hallway, and go straight into the open door on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out the bedroom and walk straight past the laundry room and bathroom. Turn slightly left and walk into the room. Stop at the closet. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk forward and then turn right to head down the hallway. Walk all the way to the end and turn into the last door on the left and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the framed wall art on the left. Make a right just before the open bedroom door. Walk past the area rug on the floor. Wait at the threshold of the open door on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Take a few steps forward then turn right. Walk down the hallway, past the hutch and the three frames on the wall, and go to the first door on your left. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Head downstairs and stop in the bedroom across the hall. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn to your left and walk to the top of the stairs.  Go down the stairs. Walk forward until you reach the guitar and the Einstein portrait and turn left.  Wait in the doorway to the bedroom in front of you. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn left and walk forward until you reach the stairs. Walk all the way down the stairs. At the bottom turn left and enter the single door to your left stopping in the doorway facing into the bedroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Move down the along the grey sidewalk on the right toward the first metal chair. .Go past the first chair and the goal is next to the second metal chair on the right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa walk away from doorway, past red sculpture on your right, walk past giant chair sculpture on left and stop next to sculpture on right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk forward and wait near the chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the room and take a right. Go straight through the door across the room. Make a left at the  end of the screen and wait between the screen and wicker chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right and walk through the doorway. Walk across the room past the end table and turn left. Stop by the chair with the rounded arms. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right at the door, and walk forward. Keep walking passing the glass table on your right with chairs. Turn left towards the divider, and stop in front of the divider. 
1LXtFkjw3qL From closet turn right down hall, follow hall up steps and stop next to painting. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Face the doorway leading into a blue room. Without entering that room, turn right and walk down the hallway past the two chairs. Continue walking up the stairs until you see a yellow and blue painting on your right; then you've reached your destination. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn around and go past the chairs. Go up the stairs and wait next to the painting on the wall. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left and go passed the table. At the end of the long table, pass the bathtub and cross into the room. Stop next to the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the door beneath the exit sign.  Turn left, and walk towards silver bathtub.  Enter room behind bathtub.  Wait at bottom of stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the room through the open door. Walk past the table and the bathtub. Go through the double doors and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forward and enter the door that is straight and in front of you at the end. Walk inside the room, and turn left. Walk forward towards the bed and turn right towards the door in the center, not the corner, and stop there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG walk away from rug, turn slight right at giant 1, walk through doorway to left, turn left, turn right and walk towards foot of bed, stop in first doorway on right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn left, and head between the stairs and the wall.  Head down the hallway toward the center door and go through.  Enter the room, turn right, head toward the bed, and turn right again.  Enter the closet through the door in front of you. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ walk away from windows to outside through doorway towards small blue couch, turn left and walk through doorway before white chair, turn right at dining room table and turn left on red carpet, walk straight through doorway towards red wall and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk through the lounge. Leave the room on the left and walk past the table. Wait inside the bathroom doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the doorway and towards the white chair.  Go through the doorway on the left. Turn left past the black chairs and enter the door way to the left of the mirror. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Head across the room to the couch and turn right at the hallway. Then continue and pass the painting and turn right again into the laundry room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk away from outside, on the left side of round table, turn left after dining table, walk past mirror on right, turn right down hallway, walk straight and turn right in first doorway, stop in front of washing machine. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk across dinning room to hall, turn right into laundry room. Wait at washing machine. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk towards the fireplace and turn slightly right. Walk forward to the window and turn right. Wait near the black leather seats. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk toward the fireplace. Walk straight until you pass the couches then turn right and wait near the benches by the large glass windows. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the living room by the fireplace. Take aright behind the couch. Stop in front of the second pillow on the black bench. 
2n8kARJN3HM Once you are in the library make a right and go through the door to the room with the glasses. Now make a right to leave the area and wait in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around so that you are facing the open doorway.  Walk towards the two open white doors.  Walk through the doors.  Proceed down the hall until you reach an open doorway on your right.  Stop and turn ninety degrees until you are facing the open doorway.  Walk through the open doorway and stop.  You are in a large room, and there should be a large table in front of you. 
2n8kARJN3HM walk away from piano through double doors with bookshelf on left, turn right and stop in doorway. 
EDJbREhghzL walk away from the stairs and turn right, turn left at the double doors and turn right down hallway stop in front of fireplace on the right. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn to your right and head down the hallway to the left of the doors with mirrors. Halfway down the hallway it opnes into a sitting room. Stop right in front of the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Go right towards the hallway to the left of the double glass doors. Take a few steps down the hallway. Go to the fireplace in the alcove to your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the arched entryway into the living room area. Turn the corner to the right and walk down the hall. Walk towards the next arched entryway with art hanging on the wall near it. Turn the corner and walk through the first open door on the right into a bedroom with floral bedspread blanket. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and enter the living room.  Then turn right and walk down the hallway.  Then turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait by the end table. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk away from movie room towards couch, turn right before hardwood floor and walk down hallway, take first left, stop in doorway to bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom and turn right. Walk through the hallway and pass the stairs on your right.  Enter the doorway and turn left.  Enter the bedroom, walk past the bed, and turn left. Walk towards the doorway next to the dresser and wait in the doorway to the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom through the door near the sofa. Turn right through archway entering the landing. Take a slight left. Pass by by the entrance to the stairs and door on the left. Go forward through the doorway ahead. Turn left. Enter the bedroom. Pass by the bed and enter the bathroom through the doorway on the left. Stop there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit bedroom and turn right, walk passed stairs into bedroom and stop in bathroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight down the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk down stairs, stop at the bottom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL walk down all of the stairs and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around 180 degrees. Continue to go straight forward for about two meters. You will pass through a kitchen area with wall ovens. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through kitchen and towards statue of man.  Wait next to white couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight through the kitchen and walk toward the white couches. Wait near the white couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight passed the blue couch. Go toward the door at the end of the hall and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk forward, wait near the doorway on the right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and walk through the living room past the stairs.  Stand near the doorway to the office. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom and cross towards the stairs. Stop in the entryway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go out the door. Go straight until you get to a circle design on the floor. Wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the bathroom, and the TV room. Enter the foyer and walk toward the door. Stop once the circle in the tile. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk towards bedroom.  Turn left, then walk through the door to the left of the black desk.  Immediately turn right, and exit the house.  Wait here. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit bathroom to bedroom, Exit bedroom turn right and stop at sliding door to outside. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom  and enter the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the closet and exit the bedroom. Turn right and walk to the end of the walkway and wait at the sliding glass door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG You should make a left to leave the bathroom, then make a left in the hall to go down the steps. Now stand at the bottom of the steps in the bedroom and wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom and wait inside the nearest bedroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn left and exit outside the bathroom passing the toilet bowl on your left. Turn left outside the door. Keep walking forward, and stop in front of the small black cushioned chair that has a white towel on its side. 
ULsKaCPVFJR walk away from bedroom and turn right at white cabinets, continue straight through doorway, walk past sinks through another doorway and stop in front of shower. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk forward and turn right. Walk through the closet into the bathroom. Walk past the double sinks on the left and pause by the shower. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom and turn right. Then move forward, through the bathroom, and stop just prior to stepping on the carpet. 
r47D5H71a5s Go around the staircase, walking past the bar. Walk through the door, and stop just inside the door, looking at the pool with a bar on your right. 
r47D5H71a5s Pass by the staircase ahead. Go forward passing the elevators on the right. Go through the doorway ahead leading to the pool area. Go forward and wait by plant. 
r47D5H71a5s Go around the front of the stairs, then go past the elevator and through the door.  Stop on the second tile in to the room. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go forward past the couch, then turn right through the big doorway into the room with the white tile floor. Advance past the mirror on the left side wall. Turn right through the open doorway and wait there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Move forward, make slight right into the foyer, keep to the left, enter the second doorway on the right, and wait at the stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight and through the entryway on the right into the big room. Go left into the hall, and stop in the room on the right by the bottom of the stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Put the tapestry on your right, then walk straight ahead.Turn left, walking towards the sofas. Walk behind the far sofa. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Step forward, turn left and walk forward, wait behind the couch. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past the tapestry on the right. Walk past the glass coffee table on the right. Walk past the french doors on the right. Wait behind the chesterfield sofa. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn around and go past the couch. Turn right and go up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Leave the room through the doorway to the right of the big windows.  Go up the stairs and stop at the top near the white end table. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk straight between the couch and the painting on the wall. Go upstairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs near the table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the room with the fireplace and turn left. Keep walking forward until it ends and there are pictures of kids on the wall . Enter the bedroom to the left of the pictures and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk away from dining room table through doorway, turn left, walk down hallway, turn left at the two kids pictures on the wall, turn right immediately and stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the dining room, and go left. Walk forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom on the left at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the granite bar on the left and turn left. Continue straight past the staircase and turn left. Continue into the bedroom and wait near the closet doors on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and head passed the counter. Go towards the stairs and the checkerboard. Turn left and continue through the door. Stop near the bed. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and walk past the bar. Once you get to the end of the bar turn left. Go past the stairs and once you reach the doors with mirrors, turn left to enter the double wood doors. Once you enter the room, walk to the left and stop in front of the large white closet. 
vyrNrziPKCB face window to outside, turn right to walk down hallway, turn right at banister, turn left and walk towards pool table, turn right before you pass the pool table, and left again, walk past the pool table, turn right and walk through doorway to bedroom, stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and walk until you reach the black railing and turn right. Walk to the other side of the pool table and enter the door on the far left to the right of the TV.  Stop when you enter the bedroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Face the window and turn to the right. Walk straight down the hallway. When you come to the split in the walk way go right. Walk passed the stairs on the right and the pool table on the left.  A the end of the pool table enter the first bedroom on the left. Stop inside the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom then turn left. When you get to the pool table turn left and go into the room on the left. Turn left and pass the tub and go into the bathroom straight ahead. Wait near the sink. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk straight through the open door. Turn left, and go through the door to the left of the pool table. Turn left into the bathroom and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk to the right of the sink to exit the room. Once you enter the room turn left and walk towards the pool table. Turn left and enter the door to the left of the video game machine. Once inside the room turn left and enter the first door to the right of the tub. Stop inside the doorway of the bathroom. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go right down the hallway and go down a couple of stairs on the rigth. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past he floral couch and go through the grey door. Turn right and head halfway down the stairs, arriving in the middle of the flight. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk through the door, down the hall and start downstairs. Stop near the top of the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the fridge on the right. Walk past the dining room on the right. Make a right just after the wine fridge to the left. Wait at the white bench in the foyer. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn right and walk through the kitchen into the main foyer. Wait near the front door. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the kitchen through the door on the left. Walk into the foyer, and veer right. Stop in front of the bench on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk out of office, turn left and walk down hallway, turn left before you walk through double wood doors straight ahead, turn right into first office and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the office and go left. Walk down the hallway toward the wooden and glass double doors. Turn left before going through the double doors, Arrive in a room of cubicles. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and turn left.  Proceed down the hallway to stand by the table near the end, to the left of the double doors. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bedroom and continue straight through the double doors, going outside, past the bed, and turning left at the guardrail. Stop next to the first of three tall windows with circle holes in them. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk across the hall and out the door. Wait on the other side of the bed, near the railing. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit bedroom, across hall to outside. walk passed Murphy bed, turn left on walk and stop under porch. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down hallway to bedroom, turn left and enter bathroom, stop at sink. 
aayBHfsNo7d With the brown doors on your right, walk straight into the bedroom in front of you.  Walk past the foot of the bed and through the door on the left.  Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and walk straight into the bedroom. Go straight across the bedroom and then turn left and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 walk down the hallway past the back of the couch on your right. continue through arched doorway, walk through doorway straight ahead, turn right and stop in front of small desk. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go straight down the long hallway, and into the very last room. Stop by the desk and chair. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk straight ahead and through the small doorway into the hallway. Walk down the hallway and straight ahead into the room in front of you. Once inside turn right and stop beside the bookshelf facing the kitchen. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the kitchen. Make a left just before the kitchen island. Walk past the dining table on the right. Wait at the TV. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Start out going straight through the hallway going towards a counter with a sink. Once your at the end of the hallway then turn left and head straight towards the sitting area with the tv hanging up. Go around the right side of the couch and walk straight towards the glass doors leading to the outside patio and go outside. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter kitchen and walk across living room to outside. Wait at outside bar. 
VVfe2KiqLaN At the bottom of the stairs, go forward toward the black door. Turn right and go toward the pool. Wait by the pillars. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and turn right. Stop at the arches. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk to the door then turn right.  Then walk forward and stand next to the columns. Wait on the stone path near the grass. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go through the living room and head towards the front door. Go past it and wait at the head of the staircase on the right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk on the right side of the couch, past the dining table on the right, past the front door on your right and stop at the stop of the staircase. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Follow right and go straight down the hall. Enter the second stairs on the right and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn left and go down the hallway. After you pass the three large pots with the bushes Turn left and go into the living room. Turn right and pass the arch. Wait near the front door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn left and walk down the brick hallway past the potted plants and chairs against the wall. Continue past the couch area along the brick walkway and turn past the couches between the armchairs. Walk through the open door on the other end of the armchairs with a mirror on the wall. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn right and go down the hall. Turn left after passing the table behind the couch. Walk in to the foyer and wait next to the front door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the living room.  Then walk by the front doors and stop on the first set of stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn left and walk past the chairs and the couches on the left. Turn left into the living room and go into the arch on the right. Go up the stairs. Go up three steps then stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go left past the windows into couch area. Go through the room towards the stairs. Wait on bottom steps. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and then turn right. Go into the laundry room and wait near the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight and turn left down the hall. Turn right into the laundry room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the kitchen area towards the dining table. Turn left and walked passed the sink on the right. Walk down the hallway and turn right into the laundry room. Stop near the sink. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go forward through the door and move past the stairs. Turn right, enter the closet and wait on the other side of the door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight. Pass the chairs and the #1 on the left. Turn right after you pass the stairs and go into the room on the right. Turn right and wait in the closet. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk through the door and past the glass railing. Turn right and walk through the door. Turn right again and stop in front of the closet island. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward toward the doorway, and wait at the top of the staircase. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and go to the large archway. At the arches, continue to the front door and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left and walk past the really long table. Stand near the front entrance doors. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the shower turn left and then when you get to the tub turn left again. Wait near the bathroom sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the shower and turn left. Walk past the bathtub and wait in front of the bedroom doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left and keep walking until you exist the shower. Turn left again to walk past the bathtub, then stop when you're facing the bedroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hallway until you get to a bedroom all the way down the hallway. Wait near the bed. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go down the hallway and go in the bedroom the end. Wait next to the bed. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Keep walking forward all the way until you see a bedroom visible. A white bed should be visible in front of you towards the very end of the corner. Enter inside, and stop there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk towards kitchen.  Wait by glass stools. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 face outside, turn right walk past couch and dining room table, stop right after you pass dining room table on your right and before you make it to kitchen bar stools. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk towards the kitchen and stop just before you get to the island. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway ahead. Turn the corner to the right and walk past the open doors and through the doorway straight ahead at the end of the hall. Walk into the room, which contains a couch with stools around a coffee table. Turn at the circular statue and walk through the open double doors to the outside area near the couches. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn right into the hall and go left through the door toward the pool. Go out through the door to the right and stop by the chair. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bathroom and turn left.  Walk until near the table and metal art.  Turn right and walk outside.  Wait near the furniture. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left out of the seated deck area. Go forward and turn right into the outdoor bedroom area. Head inside through the double doors. Enter the bedroom directly ahead. Stop there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left and go straight. When you get to a bed pass the bed then turn right. Go inside and walk straight into the room ahead. Wait near the first bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Follow the deck around, pass the bed and head indoors. Walk across the hallway and wait in the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom to the door on the right. Go down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stiars. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bathroom. Turn right, and then right again, exiting the room. Walk into the room in front of you, standing behind the red and blue couches. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bathroom.  Make a quick right, and then another right turn.  Walk down stairs.  Wait by purple couch. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Head indoors, pass the kitchen and the stairs. Then exit through the doorway and wait on the door mat. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk over the welcome mat, through the sliding glass door. Walk past the white couches and continue to walk past the staircase. Wait at the doorway with the welcome mat. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk into the door and straight ahead through the middle of 2 rooms. Walk up the step onto the platform and past the stairs. Exit out the door to the far left of the stairs and stop once you are outside. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the door, and turn left. Walk forward passing the bed, and turn left at the door leading to the bathroom. Stop outside the bathroom door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit by the painting and turn left to enter the hallway. Cross the bed and turn left again, stop in the entryway to bathroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the room. Turn left and go straight into the room. Pass the bed then turn left. Wait at the bathroom entrance. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the stairs and then turn left and continue going up the stairs. Turn left again and go up the stairs. Wait near the Marilyn Monroe picture frame on the right wall. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right and walk up the stairs. At the first landing turn left and walk up the next set of stairs.  Then turn left again and walk up to the next landing.  Stop next to Marilyn. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right and walk up the stairs to the first landing then turn left and walk up the second set of stairs.  Then turn left again and stand near Marilyn. 
i5noydFURQK Exit and turn right. Walk forward passing the entire sofa set on your right towards the dining table. Stand in front of the curtain next to the dining table, and stop there. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom then turn right. Go down passing the tv on the left. Wait near the table and chairs on the right. 
i5noydFURQK Walk towards wooden wall and turn right.  Continue forward past the big screen TV.  Wait by dinner table. 
SN83YJsR3w2 walk towards fireplace, turn left and walk straight through doorway, walk straight past bench, stop in first doorway on your right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk towards fireplace.  Once you reach fireplace, turn left, and enter the hallway with the light colored hardwood.  Continue straight, until you reach a room on the left.  Wait here. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn left and wait near the entrance of that room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and walk through the dining room. Continue walking straight through the living room until you reach the wall.  Turn left through the doorway and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go past the dining room table. Head towards the TV and pass between the back of the white couch and wall to the left. Turn left at the archway and stand there just inside it. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk all the way forward passing everything on your right to enter the very end left corner. Turn left towards the corner, and stop there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the room. Turn right then continue down the hallway. Walk straight until you get to the front room. Wait near the two Christmas trees. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit room, and make a right to go down corridor.  Pass the Christmas tree, and enter the room straight ahead.  Wait by mirror. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit, and turn right. Walk all the way forward towards the very end room that is in front of you. Enter inside the room, and stop in front of the two small Christmas tree. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn around and walk all the way down alongside the table you were beside to the other end. Stop in front of the 2 wooden chairs at the other end. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Face right and walk past the altar. Turn right and walk across the church until you reach the stone wall. Turn at a 45 degree angle, walk to the chairs, and stop. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk past the three chairs on the left and turn right. Walk past the altar and stop by the chairs on the right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right and exit out the double wood doors. Once out turn right and walk to the end of the hallway and enter the double wood doors. Once inside, turn left and stop on the rug in front of the animal print chair. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk in front of two wood chairs, straight through double doors, turn right before the hardwood floor and walk down the hallway, walk through another doorway, turn left at the leather chair and stop on the carpet in front of cheetah print bench. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room and walk down the hall, past the zebra painting. Enter the room at the end and stop on the striped rug. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk down the hallway past the two chairs.  At the end of the hallway, walk into the room on the right.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk straight down hallway to bedroom and stop in the doorway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk forward down the hallway until you reach the end.  Enter the bedroom and stop at the doorway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hall and turn right, then walk forward and wait by the stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight and pass the table with the phone in the hallway. Continue straight until you get to a stairs going up. Wait there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk forward. Turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
JeFG25nYj2p Put the double doors directly behind you. Then walk straight across the main hallway. Go past the cheetah painting on your right. Turn right, and enter the laundry room with a sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go right down the hallway, then right at the chair wait once you enter the laundry room. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk forward then make a right turn and stop at the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight into the house using the large glass doors. Turn left and wait near the kitchen area. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk from the patio into the house living room. Walk to kitchen island table. 
rPc6DW4iMge Enter the house, and go into the kitchen. Stop next to the first counter on your left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the room past the exercise equipment. Walk out through the open door into the hallway. Walk down the tiled hall past the closed doors. Walk through the arched entry and into the next hall with a mirror on the wall. Walk through the open door opposite the mirror that leads to a large room with a fireplace in the center. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left into the open doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the door. Turn right. Go past mirror. Stop in open doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r With the desks to your right, walk towards the railing and go left.  Keep going until you get to the stairs on the right.  Go down the stairs and stop on the landing in the middle. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn towards the right and walk past the blue chairs. Take a left after passing the second blue chair and follow the walkway by the rails. Take the stairs on the right. Walk down the first flight of stairs and stop at the top of the second flight. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk over to the stairs then go down them and wait on the first landing. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and enter the hall. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk past the bed, enter the bathroom and wait in front of the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and turn right then left. Follow the hallway and enter the bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn right and go into the room on the left. Walk past the bed and straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom by going straight. Turn right and wait in the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go down the hall and turn left. Then go straight and turn right by the clock. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom and walk past the bedroom door.  Enter the study and turn right. Stand near the clock. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left, walk past the Pool table and enter the bedroom on the left. Wait near the closet door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go to the billiard table and turn left.  Go into the bedroom to the left, through the door to the left of the arcade game.  At the foot of the bed, go to the left and stop in between the nightstand and the wooden closet door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the billiards table to your right. Walk into the room with the Pac-Man game near the doorway. Stand in front of the door next to the side table. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go up the steps then turn right and wait near the sink with the wine. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the open door and up the small set of tiled steps. Continue past the dresser with vase on it. Continue along the concrete block wall down the small steps and into a round shaped room with a piano. Continue walking along the same wall into the first open door, which leads to a storage room with wooden shelves. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go up some tiled stairs and through a large foyer into a room with a piano, pass the front of the piano, and turn into an area with many shelves and wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the closet toward the bed. Turn left and go out the door. Turn right and go down the hallway and past the kitchen. Go down the steps and wait near the couch. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bedroom turn right and go down the stairs.  Wait at the end of the stairs by the couch. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go forward. Turn left. Go forward. Turn right. Go to couch and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk towards the white door on the left and turn left into the kitchen. Walk straight past the  white chairs and past the dining room. Wait at the doorway to the foyer. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Cross the entryway and go into the kitchen. Walk to the far end of the kitchen and wait near the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the laundry room and enter the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen heading to the foyer. Stop once you enter the foyer with the round whit table. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk into the hall from bedroom and turn right. Walk to the end of the hall down the stairs and stop on the first landing. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right and continue down the hallway. Descend the stairs and stop. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn right by the plant and go down the narrow hallway.  Wait on the flat area down the first set of stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk out of the room. Turn left and start going down the stairs. Stop before getting to the bottom. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit bedroom, turn left and stop at stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Head forward past the bed. Turn left and stop at top of stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk away from the hammock, turn right, and walk under the sign that says host. Continue straight. Stop between the middle two columns bordering the meeting room to the right of the long wooden table with just a plant on it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right and walk passed the first two desks. Go to the right of the long table with chairs and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 turn right, walk forward and stop near the middle of the third table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right and walk through the kitchen.  Then turn left and enter the second kitchen. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight toward the kitchen. Pass the fridge then pass the stove and the ovens. turn left then turn right into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go in between the island and the cabinets. Turn left and stop at door on the right wall. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go through double doors. Turn left and go up past the stairs. Go into the room ahead and wait near the table and chairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Enter the house. Walk to the hallway past the stairs. Enter the room in front of you. Stop in front of the table. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Enter home.  Continue forward, and walk down two steps.  Turn left.  Walk towards room with two couches and black table.  Wait here. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk down the corridor and wait through the double doors to the dining room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk down the hallway past the long covered table. Turn left and wait inside the dining hall. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward into the hallway. Take a left at the double pine doors. Enter the dining room and Stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and enter the house. Then turn right and enter the kitchen area. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and enter the house. Turn right and then turn immediately right again. Stop near the lightswitches. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around. Enter door. Go left. Enter kitchen. Take door on right. Go forward. Enter door on left. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk across dining room to kitchen. Stop between fridge and counter. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk through the dining room then turn right and stop in the kitchen.  Wait by the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk forward passing the table, and turn slightly right towards the kitchen area at the corner where the watch is visible. Enter the kitchen area, and stop in front of the sink faucet that is visible on the granite counter. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn right, enter the house, turn right, wait near the table. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and go right, then continue towards the vertical painting and turn right again. Then continue down the hall and stop next to the bonsais. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Face pool and turn right. Go straight through the open door. Turn right once indoors. Go through door way and stop beside door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the couch and the oven to the front door. Walk out the door and stop on the entrance mat outside. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go out onto the balcony and stop on top of the place mat. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ walk forward and stop a few steps out the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the closet. Go straight past the mini gym on the left. Go straight into the room. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the desk with the two chairs. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the closet and continue across the hallway. At the door, turn right and stop next to the desk. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk from the closet past the weight room and bathroom on your left. Make a right before you get to the bedroom you goal is in front of the desk. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the chairs and walk in the front door.  After entering, walk to the sitting area to the right at your 2 o'clock position.  Step on the carpet in front of the window and in between the couch and chairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ From porch enter house to kitchen and sit at white sofa. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Enter the room on your right. Walk forward towards the white sofa and checkered maroon pillows, and stop there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right, enter the laundry room and wait by the desk. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and stop in the open doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk left through the doorway. step into the laundry room. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room through the door to the left of the beds.  Once outside the room turn left and walk straight into the room at the end of the wall on the left.  Step inside and stop in front of the screen. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room next door on the left. Wait near the sink.s. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room through the left door.  Curve left, staying on tiled floor, and wait in the entrance to the next bathroom by the wood screen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the doorway and then make a hard left past the dining room table and towards the open doorway, stop once you're outside. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight then turn left. Pass the table and chairs and then pass the wall with holes in it. Go outside using the large glass doors on the right. Wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward and turn left. Keep walking forward passing the glass table on the right. Pass the divider, and stop at the opened glass door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward, and stop near the couch on the right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk down the hallway and stop in the sitting room, near the easy chair. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit theater room and walk straight down the hallway. Continue straight down the hallway pass the kitchen on the right and the bathroom on the left. Turn right into the sitting area and stop near the chair. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go up the two steps and past the table and chairs. Go straight into the kitchen. Pass the kitchen then turn left. Turn right into the room and wait near the couch. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go into the kitchen. Go to the desk. Go to the pantry. Go through the doorway and turn right and go through the first bedroom doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left and walk past the dinning room table and enter the kitchen.   Walk around the kitchen table and enter the hallway. Then turn right and enter the bedroom.  Wait by the love seat. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom through door.  Walk through bedroom door.  Turn left.  Wait here. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom. Walk straight and exit the room. Turn left and wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left and exit the bathroom and walk straight across the bedroom and out the door. Once out walk to the left of the stairs and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office then turn left. Go down the hallway then turn left and go into room 343. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave office and turn left down hall. Stop in empty office down the hall. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out the door and then turn left. Walk to the end of the hallway and then turn left. Turn right and stop when you enter the room. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the stairwell to your right.  Take a hard right down the hallway enter the bedroom and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn right at the top of the stairs. Go past the bathroom and into the room with the blue circular thing in the middle of the room. Stop just inside the door, next to the white shelf with a silver mirror above it. 
rPc6DW4iMge walk forward then turn right at the room, walk forward again then enter the living room with a white sofa. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom. Turn right. Continue and turn left onto the wooden floor. Stop next to the wooden table with a lamp on it. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and exit the door to the right side of the bed. Once out, turn right an walk all the way down the hallway. Turn left at the end and stop once you enter the room and the blue couch is to your right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom, and turn right. Keep walking forward, and turn left when you can no longer go forward. Enter inside, and stop next to the checkered cushioned sofa. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Stand with the windows on your left and walk the length of the space, through all the rooms.  Stop in front of the white flowers on a small table next to a couch at the end. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the kitchen, past the fireplace and wait by the couch. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Move forward past the chairs, the table, and the fireplace, and wait by the flower bouquet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn right and walk straight until you get to the last door on the left. Go into the bathroom and wait near the toilet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk toward the office and turn right out of the bedroom into the bathroom. Walk through the second door on the left and stop by the toilet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the bedroom. Turn the corner and walk through the open doorway into the hall. Walk down the hall past the next doorways. Continue down the hall past the wall art and turn into the bathroom on the left. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom and turn left. Then stop in the hallway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room. Wait there in the hallway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Enter door. Turn left. Go through door ahead. Stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room. Turn right and exit that room. Turn left and go down the hall. Go straight until you get to a room with a ceiling fan then stop there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit bathroom, turn left at bar, walk to empty room and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the toilet room and the room with the sink and go out door to the hallway.  Once you are standing before another sink on a marble counter top and some cabinets.  Turn left and walk past the doors going outside and into the empty room with the heavy curtains.  Stop in the doorway to this room. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk forward then turn left the walk forward again then stop at the console table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the couches and the fireplace. Wait near the black lamp on the right. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk into the living room passing the TV on your right. Stop in front of the credenza with the painting on the top. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and exit the room through the open door.  Enter the great room wait near the stairs on your right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and go to the right. Then enter the hallway and turn right to go passed the stairs and the bench. Stop near the archway on the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk to the right side of the room without furniture. Walk through the middle door and onto the rug. Walk to the left side of the stairs and stand in front of the archway next to the stairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go inside the house. Turn right and go past the table and chairs. Turn right and wait in that hallway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go inside and turn right. Continue straight along the wall until it opens to your left. Stop at that point. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go inside. Turn right and go past table. Go past cabinet with sink. Stop at hallway. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go between the tables and stop near the meeting room doors. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go straight past all the table and chairs and wait near the room that says meeting room on the right. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk forward all the way passing all the tables and chairs towards the entrance of the ballroom. Stand slightly on the right of the ballroom entrance, and stop there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go through the kitchen then turn left. Pass the round table and hairs. Go down the steps and wait near the white chair on the left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn to the right and then make a slight left turn past the chairs and table and then walk down the three steps and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk a bit, and turn left towards the round table with white chairs. Pass the table, and walk forward and down the three small wooden steps, and stop there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk towards the wooden cabinet. At the cabinet, turn right and walk past the table and stop at the 2nd doorway to your left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the table and then turn right. Go straight until you pass the table and wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the left side of the dining table. Go to the small vase on the floor. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj from hall walk left into dining room and keep going to entry, turn left and stop outside on the mat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and walk into the large room. Turn left and walk straight ahead past the tables and chairs. When you reach the table in the middle of the room with no chairs, turn left and walk outside and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk down the hall and turn left. Then walk past the dining room table and out the front door. Wait at the doormat. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the TV and take the first right. Stop a couple of feet after going through the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the fireplace on the right. When you get to the table and chairs turn right and wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk through the kitchen, take a hard right into the dining room. Stop at the dining room table. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right and down the hallway. Turn left and wait near the round table . 
VLzqgDo317F Turn around and exit out the wood and green door to the right of the fire extinguisher. Walk forward until you reach the rope. Stop on the other side of the rope when you reach the next rug. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn around and exit the door to the right of the fire extinguisher. Walk forward and enter the next room. Walk over to the small table and stop behind the first stool you reach. 
i5noydFURQK Turn to your left and exit the kitchen. Walk through the sitting room and stop at the end in front of the door that says residence one. 
i5noydFURQK walk forward until you reach the white door. 
i5noydFURQK Go to the door that leads outside beside the large grey couch. 
r47D5H71a5s Rotate slightly to the left. Walk forwards towards the bottom of the staircase. Looks towards the left and walk through the door on the left.Turn right and walk through the door with the mirror and down the hall through the door at the end of the hallway. Walk towards the sink and mirror inside the bathroom area and stop in front of the plant. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the bottom of the stairs and into the room on the left. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and stop in front of the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the stairs, enter the hallway and then enter the locker room area. Wait by the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk forward then turn left when you see a mirror then stop at the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up small set of steps.  Turn right and walk down corridor with large white vase.  Continue straight until you reach the mirror and urn sitting on table.  Make a left.  Wait on stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up the three steps, and turn right towards the hallway passing the staircase on your left. Walk forward all the way to the end where you see a round big mirror on the wall. Turn left to the staircase., and stop at the fourth stairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the conference room. Make a right and go down the hallway. Make a left into the first open door and wait just inside the room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right and go around the office table. Exit the door labelled 01. Turn left and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the conference room and go right. Walk down the hall, and enter the classroom through the first door on the left. Stop once you pass the door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and cross the bed. Then continue down the hall and stop to the right of the brown chairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the tub and the bed. Exit the room using the door on the right. Wait near the couches on the left. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the bed towards the open door. Turn right and walk through the door and stop near the edge of the tile floor by the couch. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the room by going through the door.  Walk straight past the glass down the hallway until you get to a white chair at the end.  Turn left and stop after stepping into the bathroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk straight toward the white chair. Turn left before you get to the white chair. Wait near the sink. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn right and walk all the way down the hallway. At the end of hallway turn left and stop once you enter the bathroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk along edge of pool to sliding glass door, stop on door mat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the pool on the right. Wait near the glass sliding doors going inside. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk straight then enter the room, stop at the glass door. 
8WUmhLawc2A From kitchen turn right into hall, at end of hall turn right and stop at the laundry room sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk towards the table. Turn right walk through the hall. Turn right and wait by the door just before the washing machines. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the kitchen to the right and make another right to enter the laundry room. Wait near the sink. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk straight until you get to a room straight ahead. Wait near the bed. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Stand with the stairs to your right and walk straight down the hallway and into the bedroom at the end of the hall.  Stop just before stepping on the blue rug in this bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Turn left and wait in the hallway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past the pink and blue patterned arm chair and through the doorway to the right. Turn a hard left and walk into the office and continue to the right past the bookshelves. Turn right through the doorway and then turn a hard left through the second doorway. Wait outside the door to the restroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go out the door behind the red chair. Go into the brown office room. Go into the bedroom. Go in front of the bathroom door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go up the stairs then U turn left. Go  into the room straight ahead. Turn left and wait near the toilet. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go up the stairs. Make a left and go through the tv room. Go through the door of the bedroom and make a left. Go into the bathroom  and wait there by the sink. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go up stairs and turn left. Go past cabinet and chair. Enter doorway straight ahead. Turn left atnd stop in bathroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Descend the staircase. At the bottom take a left and stop near the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the stairs. Turn left and go straight until you get to a set of table and chairs on the right and the fireplace on the left. Wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Proceed down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Go straight toward the doorway to the kitchen, stopping near the wooden pillar before the doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk outside, past the rocking chairs and wait at the bottom of the steps. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit out the door to your right leading outside. Once outside, turn left and walk until you step down and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go outside and across the deck, and wait one step down. 
vyrNrziPKCB Move towards the kitchen.  Before you reach the kitchen turn right.  Follow this path straight until you reach a dining table.  Wait here. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk past the dining table towards the kitchen.  Before entering the kitchen, at the column, turn right and walk over the circle decoration on the floor and into the room beyond it.  Stop after stepping into this dining room. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk forward and turn right at the very first corner. Keep walking forward passing the granite counter on your right. Enter another area or room, and stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn right and go outside using the large glass doors. Walk toward the pool. Wait near the BBQ. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk and turn right towards the outside through the glass door. Keep walking forward passing the sofas on your left, and stop in front of the pool. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn right towards the glass door, and exit outside. Walk forward passing the entire sofa set with a coffee table on the left. Walk forward and stop near the pool area. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room. Turn left and walk toward the double doors. Go outside then wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o walk forward then turn left, walk straight then exit through the wooden glass door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward toward the staircase and take a left to the bar.  Head past the bar and exit the double doors.  Wait outside. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room. Go straight past the couches on the right. Walk all the way to the table and chairs and wait there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk towards the couch in the living room that's across from the kitchen. Go past the couch and continue to the dinning table. Stop at the first dinning chair at the table. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit through the door, and walk all the way forward passing the white sofa on your right. Keep walking all the way forward until you see a long table with six white cushioned chairs, and stop there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go down the hallway, past the staircase and the balcony. Stop in the doorway at the far end which leads into the master suite. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn left and walk down the hallway. Stop at the end of the hall near the doorframe. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go forward past the stairs. Stop at the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk down the hall past the paintings and turn left past the photographs. Stop in the entryway by the air vent. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the living area. Turn left just past the six photos of children with their dog on the wall. Stop next to the framed text in a hole in the wall with a light above it. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go ahead and past the wall with paintings. Turn left at the end of the wall of pictures. Stop just inside the entryway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk through the bedroom until you reach the hallway. In the hallway, walk towards the balcony and open the glass sliding window. Stand in the window frame and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room. Turn right and go outside using the glass sliding doors. Wait there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave the room and leave the adjacent room.  Turn right and wait in the entrance to the balcony. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go to the black office chair. Go to the white PC. Go to the brown table with a plant on it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go up the steps and straight until you pass the hallway. Stop near the long table with the black chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Move behind the chairs and desks, keeping the glass on the right.  Wait by the short white shelf on the right. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left and exit the room. Walk to the other side of the bedroom and turn left to exit beside the large white storage area. Once you exit walk straight ahead and then turn right and stop on the second step of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom and walk past the bed. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit bedroom. Walk straight passed the bed and exit room. Turn left and walk towards the staircase. Stop on the second step from the bottom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn left and pass the light blue chairs with the fireplace. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk past the fireplace on the left and turn into the room on the left, behind the red chair.  Walk into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk between the blue sitting chairs towards the fireplace. Turn right at the fireplace and walk between the wall and the blue chair. Turn left into the first doorway which is a bathroom. Wait by the mirror. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk out of the bedroom and up the stairs. Walk past the steps into the kitchen and stop by the island. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the room. Go up the steps and pass the stairs on the left. Wait near the large black mirror and the white chair. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn left and exit the bedroom  Walk past the stairs and enter the kitchen. wait near the kitchen island. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and go to the stairs. Ascend the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk toward the round table. Pass the table and go up the stairs on the left . Turn right and wait near the chair. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn left and enter the foyer area. Turn left and go up to the top of the stairs. Turn right at the top and stop beside the flower on the shelf. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk around the sunken area through a ninety degree arc to the right, keeping the sunken area to your right side. When you're about even with the fireplace on your right and almost to the end of the three steps on your left, turn left and climb the three steps. Then stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk straight ahead past the 2 large columns and then turn right. Once you turn right walk forward, turn left and walk up the few steps and stop beside the plant that is under the stairwell. 
uNb9QFRL6hY walk past the white couches, wait near the tall plant at the side of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the chairs and towards the dog statue, stopping once you're near the large workbench. 
cV4RVeZvu5T walk past the two black chairs towards large desk workspace. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn left and walk towards the work table straight ahead to the left of the cabinets. Stop when you reach the table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk past the table with the flowers and the bed out of the bedroom. Walk down the hall and stop in front of the railing. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk to the foot of the bed.  With the foot of the bed to your left, walk straight through the hallway through the middle door.  Stop when you get to the railing. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn 80 degrees left. Head towards bed. Enter door next to bed. Stop at banisters. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go up the steps then turn left. Wait there. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk up the steps and go left. Make a sharp turn left and stop in front of the doors. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go through the doorway into the hall and turn right. Walk up the steps, turn left and enter the first door on the left. Wait near the corner shelves. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go into the fourth door from the right. Wait at the entrance. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A With the iron vine art on your left, walk straight.  Pass the square floor mosaic and go into the first room on the right on the opposite wall from the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of this room with the bed with the light. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward down the hall. Go into the room on the right at the wall straight ahead. Stop in the doorway to the room with the large white piece of equipment. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Enter the dining room with hardwood floors.  Turn left after you enter the dining room and walk past the dinner table.  Enter the door to the left of the swirly blue and orange painting. Wait here. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go though the door into the dining room and turn to the left. Go past the dining room table and turn to the right. Enter the door and wait in the room with the sink in the corner. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go into the dining room. Go past the table and into the room with black tile floor. Stand in the room next to the door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn to the right and go to the hall. In the hall pass the pictures and statues and turn left. Enter the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom using the door straight ahead. Walk straight until you get to a hallway. Turn right and then turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and walk straight through the doorway. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Enter the second doorway on the left and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn left and walk to the top of the stairs. At the top, turn right and walk to the end and make another right. Then enter the door on the left and stop once inside. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go up the stairs. Turn right and walk toward the abstract painting on the wall. Go to the right of the painting, and enter the left door into the room with the desk. Stop inside the room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around. Go up stairs. Turn right. Go forward. Turn right again. Enter room with wooden door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and go out of the hallway into a room with couches. When you get to the couches turn left and walk toward the round table. Stop near the round table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the painting and through the large open doors, then head towards the round table with the plant on it. Stop once there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk towards the painting on the wall, then turn right and exit through the door. Turn left around the corner, then walk straight. Stop in front of the small round table with the plant. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go outside, walk towards the pool and stop near the patio. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn slightly to the right, move forward slightly, and exit outside through the first door on the left. Walk forward down the sidewalk towards the pool and stop next to the pool just behind the white couch with the yellow pillows. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Head outside. Go past the pool. Stop bu the table and chairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go to the hallway left of the stairs and turn left in the room. Stop in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go down the hallway that is to the left of the stairs. Continue down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward, and enter the bedroom on the left of the stairs.  Enter the bathroom and stop once you are in the room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the room, and take a right. Go right, and enter the living room. Stop next to the arm to the couch. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the bedroom and turn right to walk through the archway. Then wait in the living room near the fireplace. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go forward and then turn right. Go forward and turn right into room. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room and turn left. Go through the doorway directly ahead into the bedroom. Go past the bed to the archway on the right. Pass through the archway and stop in front of the toilet . 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room and turn left, pass the bed to enter the bathroom and wait near the counter. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk into the bedroom on the end. Once inside, walk to the right side of the bed and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go into the hallway and go to the right and down the hall. Make a left into the dining room, go past the table and turn tight into the living room. Wait between the armoire and the fireplace. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit bedroom. turn right and walk down hallway. Turn left into dinning kitchen area, exit dinning area and turn right into  living area and stop by storage armoire. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through the door with the bed on your left. Make an immediate right and into the hallway. Walk down the hallway with the windows to your right. Make a left passing the dining table to your left. Make a right and walk towards the large sofa. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs to  the bottom.  Then walk down the hallway to your right and enter the bedroom. Wait by the closet door. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the staircase. Walk past the brown chair to the right and enter the room with the bed. 
EDJbREhghzL Head downstairs and merge right, entering the room with the double doors. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and exit the shower, follow it around to the left of the tub and go towards the doorway before the bedroom, and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left and exit the shower. Turn left past the bathtub and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the shower, turn left and walk to the sink.  Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the closet and into the laundry room. Turn right and walk into the hallway and turn left. Stop in front of the bench. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the closet and laundry room, walk down the hall and stop in the kitchen near the dining table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Head past the clothes and through the door, make a hard right turn once you hit the sink followed by a left turn and into the kitchen area. Stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn your body to the right and walk in front of the lamp..  Then turn your body forward facing looking down the hallway.. Walk forward past the door on the right and then take a right at the end of the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn right and enter the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn right before entering the doors. Stop in front of the first door to the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Enter the house and go left. Walk down the hall, and take a right at the end of the hallway. Stop outside of the bathroom door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom and turn right and then turn right again and stop outside of the house. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room. Turn right. Turn right and go out the double doors that lead to the outside.Wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the office area through double glass doors. Turn right and pass the staircase. After passing the staircase, turn right again and exit the double doors with Woodside homes written on the mat. Wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and up the steps. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Head out of the bathroom and to the right, up the stairs, stop on the first landing. Wait in the balcony area near the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bathtub and leave the bathroom. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Go up four stairs after leaving the bedroom and wait there at the top. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the table and between the cloth covered tables. Walk through the entryway and to the left. Walk into the bathroom and to the right. Stop in front of the urinal. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go through the door between the tables with the white cloths on them. Go into the bathroom on the left. Stop in front of the garbage bin on the wall. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and pass the basin. Enter the double doors and turn left. Then take your next right and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk towards giant archway, and enter home.  Wait inside of front door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and walk into the house.  Wait near the front door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Stand so the "PGI Homes" mats are in front of you and walk straight.  Stop just after stepping inside. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room. Turn left and go straight until you get to another room with double doors. Go into the double doors and wait in the red rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and keep walking straight until you go through the double wood doors. Stop inside the room once you reach the rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the room. Once out, turn left and keep walking forward until you walk through the double doors straight ahead. Stop once you enter the room and reach the rug. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn approximately 90 degrees toward the right. Exit the bedroom. Move slightly to the left. Walk through the hallway towards the common area. Turn right. Wait under the archway by the dining area. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the foot of the bed on your right and exit the bedroom through the door in front of you. Take a dogleg to the right and continue walking. When you can take a ninety degree turn to the right, do so and stop just to the left of the circular rug in front of the door leading outside. 
8WUmhLawc2A Pass by the television and exit through the doorway, continue straight down the hallway past the light switch on the wall until you reach a path on the right, turn right and move forward until you see a kitchen table on your left, stand near the kitchen table. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Keep walking forward passing the fireplace on the right. Turn right at the door near the big green plant. Stop outside the door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight ahead across the room past the fireplace. Once you pass the fireplace, Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double wood doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight across the room past the fire place and enter the doors to the right and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn left and go past the light blue chairs then go past the pink chairs. Enter the room using the door on the left and wait near the table and chairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the den past the Christmas trees and enter the dining room. Wait by the chair. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the den past the Christmas trees and enter the dinning room. Wait near the table. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn around and walk through the next room.  Then enter the doorway on your left. Stand next to the fireplace. 
VLzqgDo317F Head towards the door with the fire extinguisher beside it.  Pass through the seating area and go through the double doors on your left. Stop in front of the fireplace and wait there. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn around and walk through the small hallway. Once in the next room, walk to the other side and enter the door on the far left. Stop before you reach the double doors on your right. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and exit the bathroom and enter the closet. Wait near the bench. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go past the tub and then go straight into the hallway. Turn right and go straight into the closet. Wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and exit the bathroom. Follow the hallway, turn right and stop outside of the doorframe. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the two metal chairs into the room with the red bed.  Go to the head of the right side of the bed and turn right.  Walk through the passageway and walk into the bathroom area.  Walk past the mirror and stop in the doorway to the shower. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the metal chairs and right past the bed. Walk right down the hall and left into the bathroom. walk left and stop just inside the shower. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go through the doorway between the chairs. Walk into the bedroom and take a right. Go through the doorway and walk down the hall into the bathroom. Pass the sinks and go into the shower. Stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom and walk past the television. Exit the bedroom, turn left, then right and go toward the front door. Wait next to the grey rug. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn to your left and go passed the guitar. Go into the hall and turn left. Continue through the archway and turn right. Stop near the table. 
8WUmhLawc2A While facing toilet turn left and exit bathroom. Continue straight and exit bedroom to the hallway. Turn left and then make a hard right. Walk toward the front door and stop near the rug. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk towards the hallway and stop in the door frame prior to entering the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk to the opposite end of the table and stand in the doorway behind the chair at the head of the table.  Stop here in the doorway between the dining room and hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go past the table and chairs then turn right. Turn left and exit the room. Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh With the pool to your right, move forward and turn left to enter through the folding glass doors. Continue forward and climb the three wide steps, then turn left and enter the theater room that's just ahead of you. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Head indoors, the up the first few steps and turn left into the theater. Stop and wait near the ottoman. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and go inside the house. Go up the steps ahead and turn left. Go into the room and wait near the front row of couches. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then take the next left and the next left. Follow the hall and stop before the fireplace. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk out of the bathroom and into the room, head left and out the other door and then make a hard left and continue to the open space. Stop once at the start of it. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave the restroom and walk out of the door. Make a left and walk right in front of the fireplace. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Continue down the stairs and follow the hallway around to the left into the pool room. Stop and wait near the telephone. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn and walk down the stairs. At the bottom, turn left and walk until you reach the bench.  Enter the hallway to the left of the bench and go to the last door on the left. Enter the door and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go downstairs and turn left. Entering the small room with the phone, veer left towards the small statue in the alcove. Stop inside the last door on the left, which contains a plunge pool with a painted sky.
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight out of the kitchen and once you reach the desk, turn around and walk outside using the door to the left of the kitchen. Once outside, turn left and walk until you step down and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out of kitchen into living room, turn right and go out the front door. On the porch, turn left and walk down steps. Stop at bottom of steps. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk through the kitchen and make a u turn and walk to the porch. Once on the porch walk down the steps between the two houses. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the bedroom and make a sharp turn left. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Stop on the landing. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room. Turn left. Turn left and go down the stairs.Wait half way down. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and exit the room. Then turn left and walk down the stairs.  Stop on the first landing of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk towards the piano and turn left though the doorway. Go up the steps. Turn right, go through the doorway, and wait. 
82sE5b5pLXE Pass by the piano and turn left. Go up the stairs and continue to the right and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the alcove, and turn left past the piano. Go up the small steps and wait in the entrance to the room on the right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the room then turn left. Go straight until you pass the couches and then wait in the hallway ahead. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit room and turn left.  Then walk to the hallway on the other side of  the room. Wait there. 
s8pcmisQ38h Turn around and turn left in the hall. Continue down the hallway and cross the room. Stop at the first door on the left. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk toward the stairs and turn left. Walk past the table and chairs and stop in front of the kitchen sink. 
aayBHfsNo7d Enter inside and turn right. Walk forward passing the staircase on your right. Keep walking forward, and pass the dining table. Walk towards the sink faucet on your left, and stop there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Head in past the dining area into the kitchen. Stop and wait near the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk straight down the hall and stop by the set of double doors on the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go to the window. Turn left. Go straight through the hallway and stop at the outside patio door on the right side. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom and turn left. Go down the hall and wait next to the sliding glass doors. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go past the sink on the right. Turn left into the double doors and go out to the hallway. Go straight into the hallway  and walk till you get to the chair. Turn right and go into the laundry room. Wait at the entrance. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room through the double doors, cross the hall way, and turn right at the first door into the laundry room. Wait in the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and walk through the room to the doorway on the left. Turn left again once through the doorway and continue down the hallway with the display table on the left. Turn right at the first door on the right and stop in the doorway. This is the doorway to the laundry room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn right and go down the hallway. Pass the oven on the left and turn left. Wait in that hallway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk to the left of the table and chairs and into the kitchen. Walk past the oven and to the left. Walk into the entryway on the left and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the room with the microwave and oven on the left. Make a left and step into the hallway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go up the stairs and then turn to the right. Go straight down the hallway past the laundry room  and then turn to the left and stop in the doorway to the bedroom. Wait there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go up the steps then turn right. Go straight down the hallway until you get to the third room on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
aayBHfsNo7d walk upstairs and turn right, walk past the first room, make a left turn and stop at the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom. Stop where the floor changes from white to wooden. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk around the tub and go through the door at the end to the left.  Walk through the little room with the sink and cabinets and into the bedroom on the other side.  Stop just after entering the bedroom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk between the bathtub and the chair through the bathroom. Walk through the archway to the right of the towel ring. Walk through two archways. Stop and wait next to the trophy. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn right and walk to the top of the stairs and through the wood doors. Once through, turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk up the small set of steps and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the stairs and turn left in the hallway.  Keep going straight down the hallway and go up the stairs.  Stop under the first ceiling light after going up the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the steps.Turn left and go down the hallway. Go up the steps then wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left and walk past the stairs heading down the hallway.  Then enter the bathroom on your right. Wait by the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Go past the stairs on the right and down the hallway. Continue going down the hallway. Pass the fireplace on the right. Turn right and wait near the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk towards the staircase.  Continue passed the staircase on the right. Walk straight down the hallway beside the room with the double doors. Continue straight down the hallway pass the sitting area and fireplace on the right.  Turn right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn left and exit the door. Walk forward directly towards another room where the toilet bowl is visible. Stand outside the door and stop there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room via the door at the foot of the bed.  Walk through the door opposite and stop when you reach the toilet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go into the last door on the right. Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the couch and turn left. Walk left past the counter and stop in front of the shelf. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk counter clockwise around the couch and stop on the right side of the fireplace in front of a cabinet with crosses on it. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the sofa and turn left. Walk straight past the sofa and stop in front of the living room shelf. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk across sitting room taking exit on the right. Walk to large room with table in the middle. Stop next to the table. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight past the fireplace then turn right. Go straight through the hall. Wait near the chairs and table on the left. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk across the living room, past the fireplace and exit through the doorway on your right.  Walk down the red carpet into the next room and stand next to the dining room table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the kitchen, go past the stairway and bear to the right of the double doors. Turn right and go to the last door on the right. Enter the bedroom and wait at the entrance. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight until you get to the double doors. Turn right and walk past the couches. Turn Right and go into the room. Wait near the entrance. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the microwave. Take a right at the main entrance to the house. Go forward through the living room. Take the last right into a bedroom. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go into the room and turn right. Then turn left at the stairs and take your next left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk into the room with hardwood floor.  Keep left as you move forward,past the steps.  Turn left, and enter the room between the dining room and elevator.  Wait here. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Enter the house and walk past the stairs and turn left.  Enter the mini kitchen and stand near the glass cookie jar. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the room. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bedroom and go down the hallway to the first door on the left. Enter the bathroom and wait just inside. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. Once in the hallway, turn in the first door to your left. Stop in front of the first sink . 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the dual ovens and refrigerator and continue forward.  Wait in front of the bedroom door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the kitchen past the stove and enter the bedroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the doorway on the left side of the fridge and keep going straight until you enter a bedroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk into the small well lit space past all of the cabinets and to the left into the bathroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn body around 90 degrees. Walk forward towards the narrow path and take the first left into the door, walk towards the toilet and stop just before the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn to the right and go forward past the vase on the left. Continue down the hallway. Go down the stairs into the hallway with cabinets on the right side. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the wooden lattice enclosure.  Walk out of bathroom door.  Enter the first door on the right.  Walk straight until you reach bathroom sink.  Wait here. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk around the partition and out the door. Walk through the first doorway on the right and continue into the room. Wait near the end of the partition. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk around the screen and exit the room.  Turn right and enter the locker room. Wait near the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bathroom into the hall. Start up the stairs on the left. Stop about five steps up. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and exit the room. Go up the stairs on the left. Go up five steps then stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the bedroom, and go down the hall. Go up four stairs and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk into the garage and turn right. Walk into the doorway on the right and stop just inside the fitness room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right and go into the garage. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG At the bottom of the stairs, take the first right and enter through the doorway. As soon as you are in the garage, continue to the closest door which should be on the right hand side. Enter through and you'll find a room that has a exercise machine, gym mats, a table, etc and that'll be your destination. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk straight ahead past the blue chair and out the door. Once you are out of the door, turn right and enter the door straight ahead. Stop in the center of the room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bedroom and immediately turn right. Enter the unfinished room and stand in the center facing the double windows. Wait there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go past bed and chair to doorway. Turn right into doorway. Stop in the middle of the room. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk up the stairs and through the middle of the room past the desks and chairs. Stop by the ping pong table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk across main work room. Stop at ping pong table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward through the middle of the room. Stop near the ping pong table. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk around the kitchen and through the doorway to the left of the refrigerator.  Turn right in the little room and stop in the doorway to the laundry room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Head to the refrigerator and take a right.  Go through the doorway, and stop at the doorway on your right, in front of the washing machine. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go through the doorway next to the refrigerator. Go in front of the door that leads outside. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the two desks and two chairs. Take the hall on the right, past the desks. Stop in the entry of the room on the left with the pool table. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go straight then turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left and wait in room with a pool table. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk across the room. Once you reach the railing, turn right. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn left. Stop once you enter the room before you reach the pool table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward towards the circular desk. Go forward, staying to the left.  Proceed until you pass the sign on the floor. Move forward between the two planters to the furthest right. Change direction and while going to your right, go on into that room until you  are even with the end of the desk on your left. Stand here until you hear otherwise. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the front desk and then down the hall to the left.  Then enter the shop to the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the desk station on your left and make a left. Walk past the large vases on the right and make a right through the glass door. Walk into the room with the products. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the hall with the twisty plants on your right. Stop next to the final plant. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the hall and past the pots. Stop behind the end table. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the hallway with the windows to your right.  Keep going until you get to the last urn with a curly plant and stop in front of it. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight and pass the desk on the right. Go straight past the glass sliding doors. Wait near the bar with the stool/chairs. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A walk forward then turn right, walk straight until you reach the counter table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and and head towards the glass doors. Turn right to pass the desk and go through the next doorway. Continue forward through the next door and wait in front of the desk with the tray of apples. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom and take a short dogleg to the right, the stop after entering the room ahead. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom. Walk straight across the hall and into the mostly empty room. Stop next to the TV on the wall. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom. Go straight until you enter a bedroom. Wait near the entrance. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit bathroom, make a left, pass through office area, then exit to the outside area, and wait. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the bathroom and go straight until you get to the wall, then turn left.  Walk through the room with the animal skin rugs and out onto the patio.  Stop just after stepping onto the patio to the right of the block bench. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk outside and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right on the second opening. Go straight until you pass the tub and the sink. Walk straight until you get to the last door on the left. Wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn to the right and exit out the small door to the far left. Once you exit, walk through the hallway and then through the bathroom. And stop in the doorway straight ahead. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Head into the bathroom, pass the counter, then stop in the hallway near the closet door. 
EDJbREhghzL Go straight toward the stairs on the right. Pass the stairs then head down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Go towards the stairs and past them. Veer slightly left at the mirrored door and go down the hall. Wait in the nook with two chairs and the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Head down the hallway the sitting area on the right. Stop and wait near the armchair. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down stairs.  Stop at bottom.  Wait here. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk forward down the stairs. Turn right and continue down the second set of stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the stairs. Stop on the last stair at the bottom of the stairwell. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom to the room. Turn left and exit the room by going out the door on the left. Turn left walk past the black chairs on the left. Pass the fireplace on the right. Stop near the grandfather clock. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bathroom and go to the table and chairs at the foot of the bed.  Go left and walk into the hallway and keep going left around to the fireplace.  Stop in front of the American flag on the left side of the fireplace. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the room, then leave the next room and wait in the entry past the large fireplace. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go through the hallway and turn right to stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the door, and then head left and walk through the hallway, make a right turn and stop immediately. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Go forward in the hall and take a right at the end of the hall. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Head straight down the hallway to the third door on the left. Stop in the bathroom and wait near the partition. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through door and turn right. Go straight and turn left into the third door on the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk towards the plants and turn right.  Keep walking straight and enter the room to the right of the framed artwork on the wall on your left.  Stop after you enter the room with the screens and sinks. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bathroom and turn left, to walk through the doorway. Then turn right to walk past a series of four framed pictures on the wall to your left. Turn right again and stop at the entrance to the room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out of the closet and turn right. Stop by the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go straight out of the closet. Turn right and then turn right again to go into the bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk through the door and down the hall into the the bedroom. Walk left to the doorway and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge With the stairs on your left, walk straight down the hallway.  Enter the bedroom at the very end and walk through the sitting area to the left and to the patio left of the fireplace.  Stop when you have passed through the doorway and are outside. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight down the hallway. Turn slightly left and go out the door on the left to the balcony. Wait near the black chairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk left between couch and chair to kitchen, turn left and walk around counter, go right past the refrigerator, wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk straight toward the kitchen. Stand near the fridge. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk towards the refrigerator. Stop to the left of the refrigerator. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the room. Go past the stairs on the left. Turn left into the second opening and go down two steps. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and exit the bedroom. Walk past the stairs that go up and walk down the stairs that go down.  Stand on the first stair. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit through the door. Go past the stairs. Turn left. Stop on the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk towards the abstract art and wait by the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and exit the bedroom using the door on the right. Wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go past the bed and exit the bedroom through the open door. Stand in the doorway and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Enter the kitchen and turn right by the sinks. Go between the cabinets towards the stairs. Turn left and wait by the stool at the end of the counter. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards black steps.  Walk to chalkboard.  Wait here. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk to the right of the room. Walk towards the stairs and then stop in the middle between the 2 sets of stairs at the bottom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight past the bed. Go down the hallway. Turn left and wait by the room with the double white doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the bed and dresser, into the hallway. Continue past the room with the pool and turn slightly left. Wait near the double doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go out of the bedroom and down the hallway until you reach the bathroom. Stop in front of the double doors across from the bathroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through double doors and take a right at the tapestry.  Walk to the end of the hallway and wait by the bathroom door on the left. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go through the double french doors and then turn right. Follow the runner through the hallway and turn left. Stand in front of the bathroom doorway and wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn left and exit the room. Turn right and walk across the hallway. Exit the hallway by the farthest leftmost doorway. Wait by the mirror just outside the bedroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn right and walk across the hallway through the doorway. Turn slightly left and enter the middle hallway and walk though it. Wait at the entrance. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Head out of the room and go to your left. Make the first right where the little door is. Go just past that door and wait in the doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the double doors make a left then a small right near the very small door. Walk into the doorway past the small door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and wait immediately outside in the hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room through the wooden door.  Wait in hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave through the door with the windows and step into the hallway.  Take a few steps to the left in the hallway and then stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the room and walk straight into the room across. Pass the bed and go into the second room on the left. Wait near the white bench on the right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk across the hall and through the bedroom. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward through the closest doorway. Go straight ahead into the bedroom across. Go into the bathroom. Stop in front of the first window. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around to exit the room, then promptly turn left, pass the stairs and into the arched hallway. Wait near the bathroom door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and enter the hallway.  Walk past the stairs and stand near the bathroom door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk out of the room with the TV to your left. Walk into the small hallway and make a left towards the stairs. Walk around the stairs and stop just short of the bathroom doors. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the room through the door on the right of the TV and walk past the wooden doors.  With the wooden shelves on your left, walk straight toward the piano and stop in front of the keys. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room through the only doorway. Turn to the left and walk past the table with the glass vase. Stop in front of the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and exit out the room to the right of the TV. Walk towards the wood cabinet and then turn left. Walk forward and stop behind the piano. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the steps then continue straight and go up more steps. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up two sets of stairs. Go to the entrance of the first room on the right side. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk up the two small sets of stairs.  Walk past the abstract painting and wait by the bathroom doorway on the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and enter the men's room.  Stand near the sink. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk to the right of the circular lights. Walk forward straight through the entryway and across the room and stop in front of the bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go past circle lights on the floor. Go through the door and head straight. Continue past the water tank. Stop near the sinks. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the gym and go right through the kitchen, continue straight past the foyer into the living room. Stop and wait near the console table. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through the kitchen and turn right. Walk left out of the kitchen and straight across the room and outside. Stop by the end table. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past the table and chair son the left. Turn right and then go out the door on the left. Walk straight until you get to  a large pot with a molded bush. Stop there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs and stop in the middle when you reach the point where it joins with another staircase. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom landing near the rail. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs to the landing. Stop on the landing. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go straight to exit the room. Turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Wait three steps to the top. 
V2XKFyX4ASd With the bed to your immediate left, walk forward to exit the bedroom. After leaving bedroom, head to the stairs on your left and climb the first flight, stopping on the last step prior to the first landing. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk up the stairs in front of you. Stop once you reach the last step from the top. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk toward the cloth covered table and turn right. Walk right past the table into the hallway. Turn right and walk into the entryway of the bathroom and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room. Turn right and go straight until you get to a round table. Turn right and go into the hallway. Turn right and go into the room in the left. Wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave the dining room, and go right. Go through the last door on the right. Take a right and enter the bathroom. Stop in the doorway. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn around and walk to the right side of the room. Once you reach the right side of the room, turn left and walk forward. Stop at the square with the table in the middle. 
PuKPg4mmafe Exit the dining parlor. Go to the stand with the circle on the floor around it. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk through the sitting room and exit on the right into the lobby. Walk forward toward the round table in the middle. Stop once you reach the decorative tile under the table. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the bathroom and turn left, go down the stairs, take a left into the room and stop near the table,. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Continue down the hallway and turn into the first double wood doors on your left. Stop once you enter the office and reach the desk. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left and go forward down the stairs. Turn left and enter the room. Wait in front of the table. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn right and go straight until you get to the treadmill. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s With the plant behind you, walk through the doorway and go right.  Walk past the pool and three beds and stop on the right side of the treadmill. 
r47D5H71a5s go to the hall to the right side of the pillar. Go to the treadmill. 
i5noydFURQK Turn left towards the painting on the wall, and then turn right towards the bedroom near it. Enter the bedroom, and turn right again passing the bed and all the way towards the right corner near the paintings on the wall. Stop there. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the bathroom and turn left.  In front of the painting of the beach, turn right and into the bedroom.  Walk through the doorway on the right side of the bed and then stop just after stepping into the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK turn left, then turn right, stop at the doorway near the right side of the bed. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go past the second sink and out the door. Walk down the hall into the closet and stop there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the bathroom and  the hall. Stop in front of the closet. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Stand so the toilet is to your left.  Walk straight, passing the bathroom area, a room in the closet, and enter the final doorway into the closet with the mirror at the far end.  Stop in the doorway of this last room, near the pegs on the right side. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk toward steps.  Climb steps.  At the top of steps turn right, and enter the room ahead.  Wait here. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go straight up the steps. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the coffee table. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and walk up the stairs. Enter the living room on your right. Wait by the coffee table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight then walk toward the round table. After you pass the round table continue straight and go out the door on the left. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and exit out the door. Walk all the way across the room to the other side. When you reach the windows on the other side, turn left and stop right before you reach the door to exit. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the door on the right facing the window. Walk straight forward and go through the far left hall. Stop once you enter the hall. 
i5noydFURQK Stand so the stairs are on your left and walk straight past the kitchen area, passing by four bar stools facing the kitchen island.  After passing the kitchen area, stop just to the right of the three framed artworks placed vertically on the wood wall on the right. 
i5noydFURQK Walk past the kitchen island and wait by the light switches in the living room. 
i5noydFURQK walk forward and stop near the table. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Stand so that the closest door is behind you and walk straight.  Walk past the pool and shrubbery and stop just before entering the doorway on the opposite side from where you started. 
VVfe2KiqLaN walk forward then stop at the door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk across the yard and wait in front of the doorway with the flower tapestry. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk straight and exit the room. Turn right and then turn left into the room. Wait near the entrance. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and walk past the plant on the left and the trash can on the right. Continue out of the bathroom doors and take a right. Continue going forward and take a left through the open door at the end of the hallway. After walking through the door stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Go left and exit the bathroom. Go forward to the left in the room with double window doors and stay in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go towards the doors which face outdoors. Go to the doors on the left. Step onto the patio, and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk across dining room to outdoor patio dining room. Wait at entrance. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go past the tables. Stop at the open door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and exit the room. Turn right and enter the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and turn left. Stop beside the large cabinet when you walk in. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left. Stop in front of the bathroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 exit the bedroom area toward the wooden staircase. Make a right and enter through the white doors. While standing in front of the wall tapestry make a right toward the decorated tree. Continue down the hallway to your right and enter into the first room on the left hand side. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit kitchen, walk toward dinning room, make a left past dinning table, and wait at door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right and go past the kitchen and left into the other room. Go past the wall with holes. Go past the table and chairs then turn left. Wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the kitchen island and enter the dinning room.  Walk past the dinning room table, then turn left and enter the hallway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the brown double doors. Continue straight into the hall with a wooden floor. Stop next to the painting of a cheetah. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the chairs and across the hall. Stop in front of the end table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the living room through the double doors ahead. Go into the hallway straight ahead. Stop next to the cabinet on the left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk around the pool table and through the door in the middle of the hallway on the other side.  Stop just after entering the mini-theatre. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the right of the pool table and through the door across the hall. Stop just inside the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the pool table then go straight through the door ahead. Wait near the top row of couches. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Walk to the kitchen area and walk clockwise around the blue counter top.  Stop at the far end of the blue counter top. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the stairs. Turn left and head straight past the couches and the bar with the stools. Wait near the glass sliding doors leading to the patio. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go down the stairs to the landing. Turn right and go down the rest of the stairs. Turn left. Move forward towards the blue counter. Move to the second stool and stand at the counter. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk past the piano and into the entry. Walk past the front door and enter the study that has many bookshelves. Stop in front of the rug that's under the desk. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the room and up the steps. Walk past the stairs and stop in front of the desk. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk past the fireplace on the left. Walk up stairs. Walk past the Stairs on the left. Enter the library. Wait at the desk. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and walk all the way through the kitchen past all the bar stools. Stop in the doorway straight ahead. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and walk through the kitchen. Wait near the edge of the dining room. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and walk down the hall past the kitchen.  Stand in the hallway between the dining room and the kitchen. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave the porch and walk into the house through the door. Take a left into the first hallway you come to on the left. Walk forwards and turn to face the second door on the left. Stop just before entering through the door, facing the sink. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go inside and go through the second door on the left.  Stop in this doorway to the laundry room. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk into the house the through the patio doors. Walk past the bedroom door and enter the laundry room.  Wait near the sink. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn to the right to walk through doorway marked with #downtown. Walk past folding chairs. Turn left at end of table and walk forward. At next table, turn right and walk forward. Stop at end of second table, in front of table with pink box. 
ZMojNkEp431 Facing the green decoration go left through the archway, go through the room, go right and around the table, at the conference table turn right, go passed the table and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Pass the green vase and to straight into the room. Pass the table and exit the room. Turn right and wait near the bottom of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go into the doorway that leads to a bed. Go past the bed and through the door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the round table on the left. Walk through the open door on the right. Enter the open bedroom door. Walk past the foot of the bed on the right. Enter the bathroom. Wait at the towel warmer on the wall to the left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk towards the door with the dining table to your left. Walk through the door and into the room with one handing light  and a picture on the left side of the wall. Walk past the painting and through the doorway onto the tile. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and walk out onto the patio. Turn right and walk alongside the pool. Stop in front of the first door on your right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Stand with the gate behind you and walk towards the pool.  Walk around the pool on the side closest to the building and stop in front of the open door going inside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn left and go between pool and potted plant. Stop near the open door. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bedroom. Go to the staircase. Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go to the couch. 
vyrNrziPKCB Head out of the bedroom and down the stairs, turn right into the living room and wait near the sofa. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the room using the door on the right. Go down the stairs on the left. Turn right and wait near the couches. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go straight down the path towards the doorway.  Enter the doorway and wait. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk down long stone walkway beside the pool.  Enter the door at the end of walkway.  Wait here. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn right and proceed down the stone path and enter the house through the patio doors.  Wait near the table. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn left and walk towards the items. Turn right walk across the room. Turn left again walk across the room again. Wait at the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go around the plastic spray booth making a right turn towards the garage doors. Make a right and walk towards the small doorway. Wait there in front of the open door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk towards the golf bags. Make a right towards the garage door. Make a right at the garage door and walk right in front of the door in the corner of the room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go down the stairs then turn right. Walk straight and go into the door in the middle. Wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward and make a right walk toward center room, enter and wait. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go toward the kitchen. To the right of the kitchen, enter the third doorway with the picture frame above it. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go into the room with the big blue rug. Go to the foot of the bed. Go through the open door nearest the foot of the bed. Go to the intersection of hallways and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and exit out the door on your left between the red chairs. Once out turn right and cross the bedroom. Enter the 2nd to the last door on the right and stop in the hallway facing the stairs ahead. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit dining room to door on the left, walk across large room to first exit on right. stop in hallway with 4 exits. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn 180 degrees and walk up and away from the staircase. Turn toward the fireplace on the right and walk through the doorway to the left of the fireplace. Walk down the hallway. Turn left into the first doorway on the left side of the hallway. Walk into the doorway. Wait by the lamp. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs turn right and go into the hallway on the left of the fireplace. Turn left into the room and wait near the bed. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Continue up the stairs, take the left hallway into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the nightstand. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the double glass doors into the living area and turn left. Walk past the dining table and towards the hallway. Turn right at the first doorway and wait in the laundry room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go inside. Turn left and go past the fancy chairs and the glass table then turn right. Go down the hallway and turn right. Go into the laundry room. Wait near the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Enter house through glass doors, walk across dinging room to hall, turn right into laundry room, wait here. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room. Go straight until you get to a room with couches.Turn right to exit that room. Wait in the hallway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and exit 2 doors straight ahead to get out of the bathroom. Once you enter the theater room, exit out the first door on your right and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the bathroom and into the theater. Turn right and stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the flag and to the left past the fireplace. Walk by the railing and into the doorway on the right and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go to the American flag. Go to the front of the fireplace. Go to the mini carriage. Go through the nearest doorway and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go straight past the flag then turn left. Go past the fireplace and then turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the room and across the hall into the doorway between the paintings and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk to the doorway leading out of the room.  Walk across the square mosaic floor to the opposite wall and go through the door on the right.  Stop in the doorway to this room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the room and go to the doorway on the right on the wall on the opposite side of the floor mosaic.  Stop in the doorway of this room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past the table and chairs and turn left into the hallway. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn right and walk out the door to the right of the bookshelf. Once out, turn right and walk into the hallway. When you reach a doorway, turn right and then enter the first door on the left. Stop once you enter the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Facing the table go left and the right around the table and go through the archway, turn right, at the intersection take a right and then go into the archway toward the sink and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Stand so the door going inside is behind you and walk straight down the deck towards the table and chairs at the end.  Stand between the two pillars on the farthest left closest to the table and chairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Follow the deck outside to the picnic table and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk to the left side of the porch. Stop on the left side of the coach next to the pillar. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk inside and take a left towards the piano.  Wait at the set of stairs to the immediate left of the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go into the building and down the steps. Wait behind the wall near the bottom of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk into the doorway and turn left. Walk down the steps and walk left around the corner. Turn left and walk up the second step and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go through the wooden double doors and walk to first door on your left. Go up three stairs and wait on the landing. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go past the white couches and exit the room using the double doors. Turn left and go up three steps of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the room and go through the doors on the left. Stop on the landing, at the top of the steps. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit bedroom and enter the other bedroom to the right, next to the flight of stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bedroom. Go to the top of the staircase. Enter the bedroom across from you. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the room. Turn right and wait at the entrance. 
JeFG25nYj2p Move down the hallway to your right toward the painting of the zebras. Make  hard right into the doorway and wooden floor walkway. Continue walking through the hallway toward the bedroom area. Make a left into the bathroom using the doorway on the left. Wait next to the white marble countertop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room. Turn right. Turn right into the room next door. Walk all the way down the hallway. Turn left into the second door. Wait near the first sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the room and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the hallway and turn left and stop just inside the bathroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the room. Turn right. Go straight down the hallway and turn left in the last door. Go into the room and wait near the lamp on the left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the end of the hall past the end table and turn left. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit and turn right, and walk forward passing the entire staircase railing. Walk to the end of the left corner, and enter inside. Enter the bedroom, and stop in front of the bed. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh At the top of the stairs turn right and walk past the framed black and white artwork.  Go through the doorway at the end of the hallway next to the potted plant and enter the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway that leads to the room with the sink. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn right at the top of the stairs. Continue forward toward potted plant. Enter through doorway. Enter through another doorway directly ahead leading to the bathroom. Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn right and go straight. Go straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a large room. Turn left and pass the fireplace on the left. Exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk through the doorway and into the bedroom. Walk left past the chair and left past the bed. Stop in the entryway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit bathroom to hall, turn left and walk straight into the bedroom, Turn left and stop at net exit. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Begin walking towards the stair case. Walk around the stair case and pass in front of the small wooden table and enter through the doorway into the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk past the stairs and left past the glass railing. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and stop by the chair and desk. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forward and turn left when you pass the stairs. Walk alongside the glass wall to the other end and enter the door straight ahead and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and exit into the room with the large table. Once out, walk to the left side into the sitting area and enter the door on the far left. Once you exit, tun left and walk through the doorway. Stop once you reach the room with the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Head out through the dining room and into the door nearest the fireplace, then turn left. Stop in the landing and wait near the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around, go left across the room, enter the hallway and turn left, exit onto the stairway landing and wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the bathroom and go right.  Turn right again and walk past the table with the glass counter top.  Stop once you step on the marble floor. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the bathroom and turn right. Turn right again and move forward. Then stop just after reaching the tile floor. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out the door. Turn right and go past cabinet. Stop just past the cabinet. 
JF19kD82Mey From stairs, walk down hallway turn right into bedroom. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk up the steps and veer left. Walk down the hall and to the right. Stop in front of the bathroom. 
JF19kD82Mey Continue up the stairs and take a dogleg to the left. Continue forward until the laundry room is ahead of you and a corridor to the right opens up. Turn right and continue forward and stop in front of the entrance to the bathroom on your left. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk to the other end of the porch and stop near the railing. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn right and walk across the porch all the way to the other side and stop when it ends. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the patio and stop by the railing. 
EDJbREhghzL Make a turn towards the 9 'o clock direction facing the bed. Walk towards the open doorway into the bathroom. Pass the foot of the bed and enter through the doorway and you'll arrive at your destination. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left and go past the bed and fireplace. Go straight into the bathroom. Wait near the towels on the left. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Go to the foot of the bed. Go into the room nearest the bed. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk past the stairs and then turn left. Wait at the entrance. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Head down the hall and stop in the doorway across the hall from the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn right at the top of the stairs and walk down the hall. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk to the end of the corridor and wait in the kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight down the hallway. Walk until you get to the kitchen area. Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left and walk across the hallway past the carpet continuing towards the portrait on the wall. Turn left and wait by the counter on the left in the kitchen area. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the lounge chairs on the outdoor patio towards the inside of the home. Walk through the open entryway into the home past the lounge chairs.Walk behind the sofa and past the dining table. Turn around the sofa and walk towards the hallway in the corner of the room with the hanging abstract art peice. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the house through the living room. Walk past the tables, and couches, and go right. Stop in front of the large wooden doors under the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn left and enter the house. Walk straight across the room to the right side and stop once you reach the wood wall with metal on it to the right of the 3 pictures on the wall. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go straight past the couches. Exit the room using the two double doors on the right. Turn right and wait across the zebra painting on the left wall. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the sofas on the left. Walk past the orchids on the table to the right. Make a right through the open double doors. Wait at the wooden box on the floor. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the couch and through the entryway and turn right. Stop in front of the small trunk. 
i5noydFURQK Walk forward down the hallway and into the bedroom. Turn left once you enter the bedroom and stop in the closet. 
i5noydFURQK Go straight until you go into the bedroom. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there. 
i5noydFURQK Walk down the hall past the pictures and paintings of ocean scenes. Walk into the  bedroom straight ahead at the end of the hall. Turn into the closet area near the entrance of the room. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk across the kitchen and into the dining room on the right. Once you exit the dining room on the other side, turn right. At the 2 chairs, turn right and enter the fitness area. Walk to the left and exit out the door to outside. Stop once you walk out. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight until you get the table and chairs. Go straight past the table and chairs. Turn right and then turn right again to go into the room. Turn left and go outside. Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB walk through the kitchen in the direction of the table and chairs, walk through the arched doorway. Continue walking out of the dining room and turn to your right. Continue walking behind the curved couch. At the end of the curved couch you'll see another doorway to your right, enter that doorway into the gym space. Walk into the exercise room and out through the first set of doors on the left. Stop once you've reached the outdoor patio that is outside of the exercise room. 
i5noydFURQK Exit washing area, make a left, make a right, make a right and enter bedroom, wait by bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and go into the second room on the right. Wait near the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the laundry room and go left. Take a right and go down the hallway. Take the second right into the bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk through the doorway and into the house. Continue forward past the sink and washing machine. Wait in the doorway to the bedroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ From porch enter house walk through kitchen into bedroom. Wait at bed. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk into the building and past the stove and refrigerator and stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk left out of the massage room and to the left of the pool. Stop in front of the massage table. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk into the open room with the exercise equipment. Turn left and walk past the exercise machine towards the pool. Walk into the hallway near the pool past the potted plants. Stop near the open door to a small room with a massage bed. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room with the mural and two twin sized beds. Turn left at the doorway and walk along the narrow pathway on your left. Enter into the room directly in front of you at the end of the path. The room has one bed and a painted fan on the wall. Stop in the doorway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and walk by the island. Continue to the left and stop near the dining room table. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go straight through the kitchen. Turn left and wait near the round table and chairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk through the kitchen and turn left at the refrigerator.  Stop in front of the first doorway to your right and look into the pantry. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk straight and then after you exit the room turn left and use the door to go outside. Wait there. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go straight through the way passed the outside doors leading to the hot-tub on the left, turn left into the archway on the right, take a step through and stop. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk past the fancy vessel sink and enter the bedroom.  Stand just outside the front door of the bedroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge You want to walk towards the door that leads to the rest of the house.  You will pass a dresser and a TV on your right, and a mirror on your left.  After you walk past the door, you will turn left and walk down the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left and exit the room out the door to the left of the TV. Once out turn left and walk along the railing. Stop halfway down the railing before you reach the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the television and out of the room. Walk straight across the hallway and turn left. Stop by the railing near the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk inside and go left down the hallway.  Walk into the room at the end with the globe in it and turn left after entering the room.  Walk into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink and mirror. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head indoors, turn left, go through the hallway, turn left, enter the bathroom and wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go inside. Turn left and go down the hallway. Go straight into the room. turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Go out of the room and turn left. Go into the next room on your left. GO in and wait to the right of the screen with rocks at the bottom. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and turn left. Walk through the first doorway on the left. Wait on the right side of the room partition. 
r47D5H71a5s walk past the screen and out the door.  Turn left and enter the first room on your left.  After entering the room, stand in front of the wooden cabinets behind the screen and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk through the hall and stop in front of the entryway to the living room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk straight and then turn right. Walk straight into the arch ahead and wait near the giraffe statue. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hall past the bedroom and stand near the living room.  Wait near the end table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom. Turn right and then exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and head down the hallway until you get to an arch on the right. Go into the arch and wait near the red couches. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out the door to the right of the bathtub. Once out, turn right and walk across the bedroom. Exit out the door on the right. Once out, turn left and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn left and then enter the first door on your right and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom through the doorway. Enter the bedroom and turn right. Exit through the doorway on the right. Turn left. Go forward and enter the archway on the left leading to the living area. Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room, walk through the office and into the hallway. Wait in the hallway outside the door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room using the door on the left. Go into the office. Exit the office using the door straight ahead. Wait near the statue on the ledge on the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the TV room, and enter the office. Leave the office through the door across from the desk. Stop outside of the first door on the right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bedroom and turn right. Turn left to enter the kitchen. Wait by the light switch. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway ahead. Turn right and walk down the hallway past the hanging wall art. Turn into the door on the left that leads to a kitchen area and stop near the central counter top with a sink built in. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the entryway on the left and stop in the kitchen. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk into bedroom.  Once inside, turn right, and walk straight into the bathroom.  Walk to shower.  Wait here. 
EDJbREhghzL Enter the bedroom next to the hallway bathroom. Wait in the en suite bathroom, next to the shower. 
EDJbREhghzL Go to the lamp in the bedroom. Go to the sink in the bathroom. Go to the shower. 
r47D5H71a5s Rotate body to the left. Walk forwards towards the treadmill, Stop when you reach the door to the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and walk past the exercise equipment towards the pool. Stop at the end of the lounge chair before you reach the pool. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk straight toward the pool and wait there near the lounge chairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go past the bed, and into the room on the right. Take a right into the bathroom. Take the first left into the closet. Stop once you pass the door. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk past the foot of the bed and continue around the other side of the bed through the open entryway. Walk into the hall past the candles and turn the corner. Turn at the sink and walk through the open door opposite it into the large open closet area. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk to the left of the bed and right into the bathroom past the candles. Make a sharp turn left into the closet and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and walk toward the table and chairs. Wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the bedroom via the door closest to your left. Turn right and walk towards the chairs and table. Wait just before the chairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bathroom, and the bedroom. Take a right into the dining and kitchen area. Stop once you are in front of the liquor cabinet. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk straight past the sink and wait by the doorway of the walk-in closet. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go through the hall with the sink on the left, go passed the bathrooms on the left and turn left into the first glass doorway after the bathrooms on the left and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go straight past the sink and then exit the room. Go straight and enter the second door on the left. Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down to the bottom of the stairs. Turn right and walk down to the bottom of the stairs. Turn left and walk toward the open door. Turn right and go through the open doors and stop in front of the shrub. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk all the way down the stairs. At the bottom turn left and walk forward towards the 2 black doors on your right leading outside. Walk out the doors and stop once out. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down the stairs to the lower floor. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs. Go forward toward the double glass doors on the right. Go through the double glass doors leading outside. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn right and walk down the hallway all the way to the table on the end. Then turn left and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down hallway, and toward the staircase and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hall and veer left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the spa room and walk into the reception area through the set of double doors.  Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the sauna and then Exit the room. Turn right and go straight into the room ahead. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room, continue straight through the double doorway into the room with a wooden floor. Stop just inside, next to the wicker chair. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left and go past the bar with the chairs. Turn left and go straight. Turn right and go into the bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk around the counter in front of you into the kitchen. Walk around the seating wet bar area and turn left. Walk through the doorway to the right of the refrigerator make the first left and the first right into a bedroom. Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk along the granite counter and continue around the corner into the kitchen area. Walk past the central counter with chairs around it. Continue through the arched door on the other end of the counter near the refrigerator. Turn the corner to the right after entering the hallway. Walk into the first open door on the right with a painting on the wall nearest to it. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight down the hallway. Turn left and wait near the beds. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the hallway and take a left after passing the set of four framed photos.  Wait inside the two-bed bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the hall past the photographs and into the room on the left. Stop by the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the wooden churner and turn left. Walk to the right of the table and stop to the left of the painting. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left and walk straight down patio, turn left at dining room, wait at entrance to living room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Facing the door furthest from you, walk forward through the doorway, then turn ninety degrees to the left. Continue down the paved corridor until you can enter the dining area to your left through the large opening. Walk past the dining table with the table to your left and stop to the entrance to the room on your right, just past the dining table you just passed. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go toward the stairs, and take a left into the kitchen. Take the left beyond the dining table. Enter the living room on the left, and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk towards the stairwell. Turn the corner near the stairwell into the kitchen area. Turn and walk past the dining table and cabinets against the wall. Walk through the door on the other end of the dining table and walk into the stone floor entry way of the home near the front door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk toward the stairs then turn right. Turn left and go past the table and chairs. Turn right and wait near the entrance of the room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs. Take a right, and pass the fireplace on the left. Stop beside the flag one the pole. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk all the way to top of the stairs. Walk forwards through the room towards the flag. Stop just in front of the flag. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs. Turn right and go into the hallway that is to the left of the fireplace. Wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the stairs, turn left and continue past the dining room into the great room. Stop and wait near the built-in desk. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down stairs, make a left, walk forward to kitchen area, and wait. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the stairs. Turn left and walk straight until you get to the kitchen/dinning room area. Wait near the table and chairs. 
i5noydFURQK Go up the stairs. Turn left. Go straight into the room ahead. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there. 
i5noydFURQK Walk up the stairs and left down the hall. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and turn left. Walk into the closet and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Walk up stairs. Make a left at the top of the landing. Walk past the framed artwork on the left. Walk into the bedroom. Make a left into the closet. Wait at the garment bag handing on the rod. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go to the right side of the kitchen island. Go to the Stove. Go out the doorway nearest the stove. Go up the staircase four stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk to the right of the island and turn left. Walk through the entryway on the right and turn left. Walk up to the fourth step and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past the center island counter top past the bar stools. Walk through the open door on the other end of the room near the stove and counter. Continue into hall and walk up the first few steps of the stairwell. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn right and walk across the kitchen. Once you pass the bar, turn in the door to the left before you reach the desk. Once in, turn right and stop when you reach the end of the counter. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight until you pass a large marble table with chairs. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near the bar with the chairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the island and take a left into the bar area. Walk out of the bar toward the living room. Stop next to the breakfast bar. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Head down hallway, make a left, enter bedroom and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk across the hallway. At the intersection turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight, turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn right and go up the steps. Turn right and go out the door and wait outside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the stairwell, go up the steps and wait outside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go down the stairs, and to the right. In the living room go up the two stairs, and take a right. Exit the house. Stop once you exit the house. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the stairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop in the entryway to the outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight passed the staircase on the left, turn right and cross the room passed the glass table, step near the glass sliding doors and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward to the right side of the stairs.When the room opens up, turn right and walk past all the tables and chairs. Exit the large door leading outside and stop behind the first chair on the right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Face dining table and walk around the table on the right side.  Go straight and make a right turn after the sink. Turn left at the first turn and enter the bedroom. Stop near the foot of the bed. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and go past the table and chairs. Turn right into the hallway. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and walk across the room. Once you reach the end of the bar area with a sink at the end, turn right. Enter the hallway and walk forward. Turn in the door at the end on the left and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forwards past the three tall pub chairs. Continue walking straight and pass by the black leather sofa on the left. Stop when you reach the arched doorway on the right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the bar with the chairs/stools. Pass the couches on the left and wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk straight out of room. Walk past kitchen bar. bar. Stop next to wall sconce holding candle. 
b8cTxDM8gDG With the refrigerator to your immediate left, walk forward until you're just past the kitchen island on your left. 
b8cTxDM8gDG WALK PAST THE OVEN AND THEN PAST THE STOVE, KEEP WALKING PAST THE SINKS.  STOP WHEN YOU GET TO THE END OF THE KITCHEN COUNTER TOP BUT CAN SE THE BACK OF THE WHITE COUCH. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight through the kitchen. Wait near the white couches. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk through the sitting area on the rug in front of the fireplace.  Go up the two stairs to the left of the fireplace and then stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk through the open circular room past the armchairs and piano that are in the middle of the room. Walk up the small set of steps and stop at the top. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go through the living room, and up the two stairs to the foyer. Stop at the top of the stairs next to the pillar on the right. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the steps and right out of the front door. Stop just outside the front door. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs and out the front door to your right in the one o'clock position.  Stop after passing over the mat outside. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs. Walk across the foyer towards the exterior door. Walk out the exterior door. Wait by the hose. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room and continue down the hall, pass the conter and turn right. Exit the home and go to the patio. Then turn right again and stop in the library. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the closet towards the sink. Turn right to exit on the balcony. On balcony bear right and enter through opens doors . Stop once inside of door way and at the desk. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit closet and walk straight down hallway passed the sink on the right. After the counter turn right. Walk outdoors and turn right into the open door. Stop in the doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go along the patio to the left of the black pillars and then through the last and second to last pillar, go to the top of the stairs straight ahead and stop on the white tile before the staircase. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight and pass the table and chairs on the right. Walk straight and wait at the top of the stairs on the left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Stand so the indoor area is to your left and walk straight down the patio, past the table and chairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs going down at the end. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk through the two columns. Walked forward towards the roped off area. Stop in front of the table with the two large candlesticks. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk between the two columns. Walk past the altar on the right. Wait at the wall mural of Daniel on the right. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk down the aisle and wait near the altar. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the laundry room, turn left and go down the hallway and stop near the counter. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the laundry room. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to the dining room. Wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit through the door next to the bathroom sink.  Turn left and walk down the hallway until you reach the kitchen counter.  Wait here. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk straight and past the bar. When you pass the table and chairs and get near the fireplace turn left into the hallway. Wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn right. Turn left after the television that is on the wall on the left. Stop and wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Head toward staircase passing by dinning area, make a left, and wait at entrance. 
i5noydFURQK Walk toward the bedroom and turn right. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom door. 
i5noydFURQK Go straight then turn right. Turn right again and go into the bathroom. Wait near the first sink. 
i5noydFURQK Walk down the hall and to the right. Stop inside the bathroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and exit the room out of the curtains on your left. Once out turn left and enter the white door. Once through, turn right and go down the steps. Stop when you reach the first turn in the steps. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the doorway with black curtains.  Immediately take a sharp left, and enter through the door left of the mirror.  Make a quick right, and walk forward until you reach stairs.  Walk down the stairs.  Wait by red flowers in the left corner. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bedroom, turn right into the double doors, take a few steps down the stairs and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the kitchen and wait near the bar stools. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk around the peninsula, stop in the corridor and wait near the bar stools. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn right and then turn left to exit the kitchen. Walk straight until you get near the round table and chairs and wait there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom, walk past the stairs and wait in the room to the right of the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the room then turn right and go past the stairs. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Wait near the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Face bed and exit room through the door on the left. Walk  towards the staircase. Continue straight toward the bathroom.  Turn right before entering the bathroom. Stop near the nightstand. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Continue up the stairs. At the top turn around and walk along the railing to the end of the railing. At the end, turn left and walk and stop in front of the refrigerator. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk up the steps and make a sharp turn right. Walk left into the kitchen and stop just past the refrigerator. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go up the stairs. Turn right and then right again. Turn left and wait near the fridge. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the bedroom and make a sharp turn right. Stop just inside the laundry room. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the living room area past the couch and through the open wooden door with a painting on the wall nearby. walk into the walkway on the other side and turn right to walk down the hall passing a painting on the wall. Walk into the open door that leads to a small room with a washer and dryer. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Stand with the shelves on your right and walk out of the room.  Turn right and take a few steps and then turn right again into the laundry room.  Stop in front of the washer and dryer. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk down hallway, descend steps and stop at landing. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk down the hallway and wait on the steps. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk across the hallway until you approach some steps. Walk down one step and wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the dining area and out the front door. Stop on the mat outside the door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk to the right of the island and left past the table and chairs. Walk to the double doors and stop just outside. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk toward the dinning area, walk around the dinner table and make a left to the front door exit. Wait at front door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk straight out the doorway in front of you under the painting of angels. Once out walk to the right of the small table ahead to enter a hallway. Walk forward and stop once you reach the large bookshelf. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn slightly left and walk through the sitting room, past the white chairs. Continue past the stairs on the left and turn left down the hallway after the double doors on the right. Walk through the doorway ahead and wait just inside. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk across living room to hallway into kitchen. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk straight. After you pass a painting of flowers on the left, turn left. Wait near the bathtub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go down the hallway and turn left into the first doorway, take a step into the doorway of the toilet room and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the room, and walk down the hallway. Go into the bathroom through the last door on the left. Stop next to the wall which divides the sink, from the bathtub. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Facing the glass encasement go straight through the door you're facing, go straight through, keep going straight and take a couple steps onto the rug and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight and into the door in the middle. Go straight and wait near the round table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk around room with art display, down hallway and stop in the center of big empty room. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk into the home and through the living room area past the bar stools and counter top. Continue into the hall up the small step and past the stairwell. Walk through the open door leading outside. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go inside. Pass the couches on the right and conitnue straight. Pass the stairs ont he rigvht.Go out the door on straight ahead and wait outside. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and enter the house. Walk straight across the sitting room and step up onto the platform with the stairs. Walk past the stairs and out the door on the left and stop once you walk outside. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit bathroom into hall, turn left, walk into dinging room and stop next to table with vase. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the bathroom. Take a left after exiting the bathroom and go past the dining room table. Stop by the round table with a vase on top of the round rug. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the door on the left and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Turn right at the island and walk past the dining room table and chairs. Stop by the table with the plants on it. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight into the room. Go straight into the middle door and wait near the entrance. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward into the massage room. Turn slightly left and walk into the marble room ahead. Wait just inside the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight into the massage room. Walk through the massage room, and into the bathing room. Stop once you enter the room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up stairs, stop at the top of the stairs . 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Ascend stairs, and stop at landing. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk upstairs and wait at the top. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk through the hallway between the windows. Walk down the steps and turn slightly right. Walk across the room and enter the middle doorway. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room. Go straight into the room and turn right. Go into the door in the center and wait in the hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the narrow doorway between the two glass pane windows. Continue into the next room with a large floor rug and arm chairs around the room. Walk past the couch in the middle and past the music box. Walk through the arched window door in the middle of the wall ahead and stop in the hallway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the room and past the island. Turn left and walk past the counter. Turn right and stop by the fireplace. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight and pass the fridge on the left. Turn left and walk straight until you see a fireplace on the right. Wait near the fireplace. 
1pXnuDYAj8r With the half bath on your right, move forward into the kitchen. After passing the desk on your left, turn left and enter the room. Immediately turn right and walk to stand in front of the fireplace. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right and walk to the cabinet with a glass top and turn left right before it. Walk forward and then enter the single door to the left of the double doors. Stop once you enter the hallway and there is a doorway on your left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit clothes washing area, make a left, walk forward toward the hallway, wait at the mirror. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk through the doorway on the left that is next to the painting. Wait next to the mirror. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave bathroom, walk to pool table, turn left into bedroom. Stop at bed table next to bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and wait in the bedroom next to the arcade game. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom, turn left and cross the room, turn left into the doorway, proceed to the left-hand door and wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit bedroom.turn left down hallway and wait at fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn left and walk past the bed and out the door to the left of the large white cabinet. Once out, turn left and walk down the hallway. Stop once you reach the small sitting room. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk straight past the bed. Turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace on the right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs, following the hallway to the left. Turn left again and walk past the side table with the lamp. Walk through the doorway and turn right at the next hallway. Wait near the wooden banister. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit room and walk towards the staircase.  Walk passed the staircase and follow the hallway around. Continue straight passed the lamp on the right and through the open door. Turn right after the first door and stop near the railing. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk into the hall and past the stairs. Turn left down the hallway past the end table. Turn right past the front door and stop by the railing. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk past the table and chairs and then turn left. Walk straight toward the house and go inside. Wait near the blue chair with the polka dots. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk counter clockwise around the table and enter the building.  Stop on the left side of the chair with the polka dots. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk around the table and enter the house through the patio doors.  Wait near the lamp and chair. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight until you go out two double doors that lead to outside. Wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Heading toward the exit walk passed the long white banquet table and the plant in the corner. Pass through the first set of double doors. Stop before the second set of double doors with the fire extinguisher to the upper right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the cloth table and toward the entryway to the outside. Stop in the entryway. 
EDJbREhghzL Go straight and down the stairs. Stop three steps to the bottom. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk downstairs and wait near the bottom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the tub and to the right. Walk to the left of the pool table and stop in the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit bedroom into game room, walk across game room to bedroom. Stop at dresser. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the master bedroom and walk past the pool table and couches.  Wait by the doorway to the left of the lamp post. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and exit  the bedroom, then turn left and walk into the living room. Then stand next to the dining room table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and walk out the door. Once out turn left and walk forward. Once you reach the large wood door on the right, turn left and enter the sitting area. Walk to the right and up the 2 steps and stop at the dining room table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the bathroom and turn left. Walk up the steps and stop by the table and chairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down to the far end of the dining room and turn left into the double doors. Stop and wait near the barber's chair. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk across dinning room table and turn left into room with barber chair. Wait at chair. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk around the table on the left side. Leave the dining room and enter the salon through the double doors on the left of the table. Stop once you enter the room. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room. Turn left and go up the steps. Stop there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom, turn left, go up the three steps and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit bedroom, turn left, walk up steps and stop at the landing. 
i5noydFURQK Go down the hall and into the bedroom on the right. Wait in the en suite bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Walk towards the beach artwork at the end of the hallway and turn right into the bedroom.  Walk around the bed and step in the doorway on the right side.  Stop just after entering the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Go to the end of the hallway. Turn right and enter the bedroom. Go past the right side of the bed and stay in the doorway of the bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the room and go right. Looking straight ahead enter the room on the right with the large bench in the center. Stop once you enter the room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight then turn right and go out the door on the left. Exit the room then turn right and go into the room straight ahead. Wait near the entrance. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk into the doorway between the paintings and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk forward towards the gray chair. Turn right and continue down the hallway. Walk up the stairs and wait near the bathroom on the left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit bedroom and head for staircase, stop at the landing. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the bedroom, and go down the hall. Go up the stairs, and stop outside of the bathroom on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight until you get to the office on the left #321. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go left down the hallway, at the end of the hall turn right and then left into the first doorway on the left and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight down hall into empty office. 
i5noydFURQK Turn left and walk down the hallway. At the end turn right and walk down another hallway and into the door straight ahead. Stop once you enter the room with lime green chairs. 
i5noydFURQK Walk down the hall paste the pictures and paintings of beach scenes turn the corner at the end and continue down the hall passing a cabinet. Walk through the doorway straight ahead at the end of the hall that leads to an office area. 
i5noydFURQK Walk past the four framed art pieces on the right. Make a right opposite the framed beach photo to the left. Walk past the built-in cabinet to the left. Wait at the sliding door to the office. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left and walk up the stairs. When you're almost st the stop of the stairs, stop and wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk straight until you get to stairs on the right. Go up the stairs. Wait three steps to the top. 
rPc6DW4iMge Facing the counter go right through the archway, turn right and go up the stairs, a few steps short of the top stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around to walk down the hallway past the kitchen. Stop in the dining room and wait near the piano. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the bar with the chair/stools. Continue walking straight until you get to a grand piano on the right. Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Make a 180 degree turn and walk straight past the counter top (on the left) and the circular table (on the right. Continue straight through the door opening, past the bathroom, until you see a piano on your right. There will you have arrived at your destination. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the shower and the sink. Take the door on the left out into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom on the right. Walk past the large red and beige painting. Enter the bedroom with the balcony and stop beside the white chair with the blue pillow that's by the door. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. U turn right. Walk straight and go into the room that is to the left of the red painting. Wait there near the white chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk across the room past the shower and out the door on the left. Once out, turn right and then right again. Walk all the way to the end and then enter the door to the left of the large red painting and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Make a right, then make a other right, enter the bedroom, walk past bed and enter bathroom and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk straight down the hall until you see a white and blue painting. Turn right and go into the room on the left that is straight ahead. Walk past the bed and straight into the bathroom. Wait near the shower. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Facing the mirror take a right. Take a right and enter the bedroom on the left. Enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the bedroom and walk towards the front door.  Turn right and walk past the painting of the boat. Turn right and the end of the hallway.  Stop just before passing through the doorway to the bedroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit bedroom to hallway, turn right go down hall, and turn right into bedroom. Stop at table with lamp. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom and towards the front door, turn right and go to the end of the hall, at the intersection with multiple archways turn right into the right archway and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Continue down the stairs and turn let. Walk through the entrance ahead, into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and lounge chairs and start down the stairs ahead. Walk halfway down the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk into the building and past the orange chairs. Walk through the glass door and stop on the third step from the bottom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go down the stairs. Once you reach the grilling area, turn left and enter the house. Walk straight across the room and enter the glass door to go down the steps. Stop at the bottom of the steps. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk into the bathroom area and continue past the sink and shower. Walk through the open door into the bedroom. walk past the base of the bed and out through the door on the other side. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the room with the toilet and step into the bigger bathroom.  Turn left and walk past the foot of the two beds and outside the bedroom.  Stop just after stepping out of the bedroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit toilet room and take left. Walk passed the shower towards bedroom. Slight right and walk straight to exit bedroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Take a right, and go down the hall. Exit through the door on the left and go outside. Go straight, and stop on the tile once you reach the hot tub. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right and go straight until you get to large double glass doors on the left. Go outside and wait near the jacuzzi. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Turn left and go outside and walk towards the pool.  Walk straight until you are standing in front of the circular hot tub. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight past the kitchen.Turn left and go down two steps of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and take a left when you get to the kitchen area. Wait on the second step. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Enter the house and walk through the kitchen. Take the second left and go down the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the double doors on the right. Wait in the hallway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave the bathroom and walk into the bedroom.  Turn right and walk past the foot of the bed and leave the bedroom via the doorway on the right.  Stop just after passing through the doorway when you are standing in front of some wooden doors on your left. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom and walk towards the bed. Turn right and walk towards the doorway. Wait at the doorway to the hall. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go straight down the hallway and into the room ahead. Wait near the two small Christmas trees. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the hall past the fire extinguisher and stop just inside the door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the hallway past the fire extinguisher.  Keep going until you get to a door that says "Master Suite" and enter the room behind it.  Stop just after stepping into this room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the pantry to the kitchen. Turn right and exit the kitchen to the dinning room. Wait near the round table with the chairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the pantry, then go right through the kitchen. Stop and wait near the dining table. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and walk through the kitchen area. Turn right and walk past the kitchen area towards the table and chairs to the left. Wait there. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Stepping inside of the doorway of the bedroom turn right towards hallway making the first immediate right to exit. Stop just before the pool with the flower bush on the right side. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk into the home through the open patio door. Walk along the rug and through the bedroom into the next room passing a desk with mirror. Continue into the hall and turn immediately to walk through an open door that leads outside to a stone walkway near a pool. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk inside the room and turn to the right. Walk out the door next to the tall painting on the wall. Turn to the right and head outside through the first door. Stop in front of the shrubbery outside the door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk across the porch area and into the open entryway into the home. Walk past the two leather framed chairs and walk behind the couch near the fireplace. Continue forward past the closed doors and stop near the open door in the hallway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go indoors. Pass the chairs and the stairs on the left. Go into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk inside the house. Go past the stairs and the couch. Stop at doorway on the right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go to the right, and continue down the hall. Go into the sitting room straight ahead. Stop in the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and turn right and go straight until you get to double doors. Go into the double doors and wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the chair and cabinets in the hallway and across the tiled marble flooring.  Wait by the double doors. 
SN83YJsR3w2 With the stairs behind you, turn right and walk down the walkway with the railing on your right.  Stop in front of the second lamp on the other side of the windows to your left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 After you go up the stairs turn right. Walk straight until you get to the middle of the last window on the left before you get to the chairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk down the walkway towards the sitting area. Wait by the window near the sitting area. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out the doorway straight ahead. Once out, walk to the left side of the beds and out the door. Once out, turn left and stop once you enter the room. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the sauna. Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn left and wait near the chair and sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the sauna and into the room with massage beds. Walk through the open door past the massage beds with a vase near the door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and then turn right and walk toward the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit bedroom, make a left then a sharp right, stop at the stair landing, in front of the glass door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the bedroom through the door on the right.  Walk in your one o'clock position until you see a door going outside and walk towards it.  Stop when you are standing at the top of two sets of stairs, a few feet in front of the door going outside. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk around the banister rail and stairwell. Continue down the hallway with paneled wall. Walk towards the open door at the end of the hall and stop at its entrance. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go to the right of the stairs and passed the stairs on the left and keep going down the hallway, at the first doorway step in and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the stairs and down the hall. Wait in the doorway at the end of the hall. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Step towards the glass double doors on the left, step inside, turn left towards the white table, step onto the white tiles near the fridge and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left and exit the room using the glass sliding door. Turn right and walk toward the white table and chairs. When you get to the table and chairs turn right and wait near the fridge. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Enter house by exiting outside area  make a right next to couch,  walk toward dinning area, make a right and stop a kitchen entrance. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight and into the hallway. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight, passing the dining, and living room. Enter the bathroom on the left at the end of the hall. Stop once you enter the room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go to the horse figure on the table. Go through the doorway to the right side of the mirror. Go into the left doorway. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the kitchen and wait in the sitting area, between the sofas. 
EDJbREhghzL Facing the sink turn left, go passed the counter chairs, step onto the wood flooring next to the small circle table and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the kitchen and go to the living room. Stand next to the small round end table. Stop here. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit living area, turn left head up stairs. Stop at the landing. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the room through the door to the right of the wooden table.  Turn left on the other side and walk up the stairs and stop at the very top. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn left and go through the door, turn left and go up the stairs, stop and wait on the landing. 
i5noydFURQK Exit office area, make a left and walk toward the bathroom and wait at entrance. 
i5noydFURQK Walk straight and exit the room. Turn left in the second door and wait hear the sink. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the office, and enter the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the second door on the left. Stop in front of the sink. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk toward kitchen and ascend stairs and wait on fourth step. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk straight toward the kitchen. Turn right and go up the three steps. Continue straight and go up two more steps. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Head into the kitchen and turn right to walk up the stairs. Stop and wait on the stairs near the first window. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk up the stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs. Once you reach the tan/pattern rug take a right and walk in front of the counter in front of the pantry and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go upstairs and to the left. Wait in the kitchen. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk up the stairs and take a left. Go past the wall with the clock and the thermostat. Stop in front of the counter. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk clockwise along the long table with the bookshelves to your left.  Stop behind the last chair at the other end of the room. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk down the left side of the table. Stop next to the last chair on the left of the table. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Move down the lefthand side of the very large table, and stop just before you reach the end of the table.
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk to the other side of the kitchen and wait near the sink. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head towards the stove and then turn left and go past the stove with the stove on your right. Stop when there's a corridor to your right leading out of the kitchen. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk around kitchen island and wait by sink. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk across the room and enter the double white doors to the left between the 2 chairs. Once out, walk through the next double doors and forward to enter the foyer area. In the foyer area, walk to the left side and exit out the double doors and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the dining area past the table and couch. Walk through the open glass pane door on the other end. Continue under the stairwell and turn around the stairs to the left and walk into the open door on the other side. Walk into the room which has large glass windows and couch areas. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go between the table and the couch and straight on, go slight left through the double glass door, go straight through the brown double door, go slight left to the left of the circle table, go through the sliding glass doors and take a few steps in and then stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk along the tiled porch past the bench and table. Walk into the entry door to the home. Continue into the home and walk into the hallway past the desk ahead. Continue forward through the hall and stop in the next room near the counter top and dining area. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go indoors. Walk straight into the hallway on the slight left. Go past the stairs on the right. Go into the room on the right and wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk across patio into the house. Walk forward toward wall with stone tile. Walk past stone tile wall on left side. Walk past stair case. Stop at entrance to kitchen area. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn hard left and walk towards the kitchen area. Go towards the door to the right. Walk across the room past he carpet. Walk through the doorway right of the mirror and wait by the chairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through the doorway into the kitchen. Turn right  and then turn immediately left through the white door. Walk across the large run and past the mirror on the wall. Stop between the white armchair and the large wooden case. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit workout room to kitchen, make a right, then a left to doorway, walk toward living area, and wait at entrance. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the bathroom and turn right.  Go through the doorway and stop just after stepping off the mat on the other side. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Stop just inside the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once in the hallway, turn right and stop once you walk through the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk past all the bar stools. Once you pass the bar stools, turn right and enter the large entry way. Go down the hallway to the right to the end and turn right. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go between the brown couch and the bar. Go the the photos on the wall and turn right. Go to the photos of children and turn right. Go into the bedroom and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk along the leather couch past the central counter top and kitchen area. Walk through the arched entryway ahead passed the armchair. Turn the corner to the right and walk down the hallway through the arched entryway. Continue down the hall and turn the corner to the right near the photos of children on the wall. Continue down the hall into the door at the end leading to a bedroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down the hallway and onto the large rug. Walk past the large round coffee tables. Turn left at the second coffee table and wait at the first set of doorways. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go passed the railing to the right and go straight through the room to the left of the room, turn left into the archway passed the chairs and stop when in between the two doorways. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With the stairs to your right and you facing the wall with three sets of doors going outside, head towards the doors. Turn left and enter the last vaulted hallway on the wall to your left. Stop at the midpoint of the vaulted hallway between two doors. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit living, pass the dinning table and make a right door, stop at bar area door. 
2n8kARJN3HM With the wall containing the fireplace behind you, walk forward with the long table to your left, exiting through the double doors on your right after passing the long table.Stop after moving from the wooden floor to the stone tiles. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the sitting area and walk to towards the large wooden table.  Walk on right side of the table. Turn right at the white double doors. Stop inside the doorway. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Going upstairs keep right until passed the gold vase on the left. At stop of stairs make left hand turn into bedroom and stay left. Walking around the bed enter the bathroom stopping at the sink. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk around the bed and stop in the bathroom. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up all the stairs and turn left in the first doorway.  Walk around the bed and into the bathroom on the other side.  Stop in front of the sink. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit bedroom, make a left, walk toward next bedroom and stop at door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk down the hallway. Once you pass the 2 brown chairs on your left, turn left and enter the door and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Stepping between the couch and the bed heading toward the open door. At doorway make a left and your next immediate left across from the bathroom stopping just inside of doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk toward the fireplace. Take a right once you enter the room with the fireplace. Exit the building, and go onto the patio. Stop once you pass the doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room. Turn left. Go past the black bench on the left. Turn right and go past the bar on the right. Go out the double glass doors and wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go down the hall, past the bar and outside. Wait on the patio, near the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn to face bed. Walk out of the room down the left wall. At first doorway in the hall, turn right. Enter bathroom. Stop in front of first sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go down the hall on the left of the bed. Enter the bathroom through the first door on the right. Stop in front of the first sink. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go to the right of the table, turn right through the sliding doors, go towards the door leading outside and take a right, go passed the chairs on the left and take a few steps down the walkway and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the dining room into the foyer. Go out the main door and go right down the balcony. Stop in front of the first window you pass. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight ahead to the other end of the table. At the end, turn right and exit into foyer area. Turn right and walk out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn right and walk out on the balcony and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Leave the bathroom and walk into the main room. Leave the house through the door on the left. Stop on the rug at the door on the outside. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out into the room and stop in the doorway on the left. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bathroom, and then exit the laundry room, and finally turn left to stand on the threshold of the door leading outside. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Pass the table and chairs. Go up the steps. Pass the stairs on the right. Go into the room on the right and wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go through the dining room and up the steps. Wait in the alcove, next to the front door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go through the room towards the steps and passed the staircase on the right, step into the doorway on the right and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight ahead and into the room on the right. Wait at the stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn right on the second door and wait near the stairs going down. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn right and enter the hallway beside the mirror and the table. Enter the doorway on the right with the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the bathroom and the bedroom. Take a left in the hall. Enter the laundry room through the first door on the right. Stop in front of the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left. Turn right into the room. Wait near the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit bathroom, and walk into bedroom, turn right and walk toward door, make a left after door toward stairs, then walk right toward washing room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go outside using the double doors. Turn left and go into the house again. Turn left and then turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit office to outside living space, make a left,  then make a other left, go forward then make a right and enter the bathroom, and wait. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and exit out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn left and enter the doorway. Once in , turn and enter the door on your left. Once you reach the sink, turn right and walk into the bathroom and stop before you reach the next sink. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the corridor toward the exit sign. Enter the door on the left and stop just inside the room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk to the far end of the hall. Turn left at the exit sign and wait in the room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk to the end of the hall and into the room on the left and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward and go left. Go down the hallway, and into the foyer. Stop in front of the main entry door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk to the counter and turn left. Walk through both entryways and stop between the front door and the dining room table and chairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk into the room with a sink and long counter top. Walk through the room along the counter and walk through the arched doorway at the end. Turn the corner and walk past the open draped window. Continue into the open area ahead and stop near the dining area with a spherical chandelier above. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go straight down the hall until you pass the stairs. Wait near the blue painting on the left wall. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk down the hall and stop in front of the painting. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go to the end of the hall and wait by the painting. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the steps and turn right. Walk into the second door on the right and stop. 
29hnd4uzFmX Ascend stairs then walk to central room, with painting equipment. 
29hnd4uzFmX Head upstairs and wait in the middle room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and walk towards the table. Walk past the doorway to the right. Enter the bedroom and wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the fridge and straight into the hallway. Walk straight until you go into the room. Wait near the TV. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the refrigerator and turn slightly right. Continue past the dining table on the left and through the short hallway. Wait just inside the bedroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go into the bathroom using the door on the left. Wait near the sink. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk around the bed and past the foot of the bed into the doorway to the right of the white chair.  Enter the bathroom and stop after stepping inside. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the bedroom, and enter the bathroom through the door on the left of the bed. Stop once you enter the room. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit the bathroom. Keep going straight through the first arched entry way. Turn left as you get to the mirror located on the right hand wall. Continue walking until you reach the double doors made of glass. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit the bathroom. Walk straight until you see two silver vases straight ahead then turn left. Wait near the white door with the glass decoration. Wait there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk out of the bathroom and through the entryway. Turn left at the end table and stop in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and turn hard right into the hallway to its end. Stop and wait near the partition. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room. Turn right and then turn right and go down the hallway. Walk straight until you see three lounge chairs on the left and wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the massage room, turn right and turn right again at the three pictures and go straight, then stop when about to enter the lounge room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the kitchen through the door on the left of the refrigerator. Stop in front of the far door to the wine room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk just around the counter to the right into the hallway. Stop and wait near the double doors. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Pass the stairs on the left then turn right and go straight until you get to large double doors on the left. Wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the room and go up the stairs.  Keep going at the landing and stop on the fifth step from the top. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room, go slight right and up the stairs, at the level turn left and take a few steps up and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room and go up the stairs on the slight right. Wait five steps to the top. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs. Turn right and walk straight until you get to two doors. Turn right on the right door and wait near the chair in the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Continue walking down the stairs and stay right. Hard right and head down the hallway. Enter the first door on right  into the powder room. End there. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Descend stairs, make a right, walk down hallway, make a right and stop at vanity. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk towards the window and exit the closet area, turning right.  Walk past the foot of the bed and into the bathroom door next to the TV.  Stop once stepping into the bathroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exiting closet, make a right, continue past bedroom and enter bathroom and wait. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the closet and enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and enter the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn right walk through the curtain. Walk across the bedroom and exit the bedroom. Go through the doorway on your right and wait by the towels. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk out on the patio and then enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and turn right. Wait in the bathroom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and go outside using the large glass sliding doors. Turn left and go inside again. Walk past the bed and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and wait near the sink. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and turn right, then take the left door into the bathroom. Stop and wait near the bathtub. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room. Turn right and enter the second room from the right. Wait near the tub. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and walk into the hallway.  Turn right and walk to the end of the hallway and go through the door on your left.  Go into the bathroom and stop after stepping into the room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit current room then make a left, walk forward toward sitting area, and wait. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the TV room, and enter the dining room. Take a left, and walk to the white table. Stop in front of the table next to the chair on the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go into the dining area and wait in the sitting area. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit kitchen toward stairs, make a left, head toward piano, ascend the two steps and wait. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the kitchen toward the stairs and turn left. Walk past the stairs and turn right. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE With the sink to your right, head towards the base of the stairs leading upwards. Pass by the stairs, with the stairs to your right. Then turn right and climb the two shallow steps. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the dining room and walk through the living room. Exit the house onto the patio. Take a left onto the walkway through the rocks. Stop in the middle of the walkway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk behind the couch and outside onto the patio. Walk left and stop on the walkway before the steps. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight toward the couches. Go straight through the couches and out the glass sliding doors. Go outside into the patio and turn left. Walk straight until you get to the two steps leading to the pool. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room through the door to the right of the fireplace. Walk through the hallway, then veer right and continue to the nearest end of the table to your right. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room and walk down the hall. Wait by the table. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and wait near the table and chairs with the chandelier. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn around and exit the bedroom into the hallway. Go down the hallway to the end and turn left. Enter the first white door on your right and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bedroom and go through the large opening into the living room on the left. Stop in front of the wall mounted shelves on the right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bedroom, go passed the doorway on the left and take a slight left into the doorway and step near the the picture on the right and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Enter the room. Turn left and go past the bed. Turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the tub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Enter bedroom make a left, then a other left, and enter bedroom and wait. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Enter the bedroom ahead, and go left. Go into the bathroom on the left. Stop next to the bathtub. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom using the door on the far left. Turn right and then turn right into the hallway. Wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom, turn right, then turn right again into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the entryway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn right. Wait just inside the bedroom that is ahead. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward pass the painting of the light bulbs. Once you pass them, turn down the first hallway to your left and stop before you can turn again. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall past the chairs and turn left under the exit sign. Stop a few feet past the door on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall to and turn left at the exit sign. Stop in the middle of the hall. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the open door into the office area. Pass in front of the desk in the room and continue through the open double doors into the next room. Walk along the cabinet area with a sink. Walk past the bathroom and through the arched entryway ahead. Turn and walk up the first few steps of the stairwell. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight and pass the table with chairs on the right. Exit the room using the door on the left. Walk straight past the sink and when you pass the door turn right and go up the stairs on the right. Go up five steps and wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go into the office and leave. Go forward and into the main room. Walk right towards the stairs. Go up four stairs and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walks straight and pass the fridge on the left. Go straight into the hallway and wait near the large vase. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Wall toward kitchen and past it, then make a left, and wait at vanity. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the dining room, and enter the kitchen. Leave the kitchen through the door on the left of the oven. Stop once you enter the hallway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right in the hallway and go straight until you get to a red painting on the wall. Turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the room and wait to the right, in the bedroom doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk forward and stand next to the large handing piece of artwork. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit bedroom, move toward swinging doors, and enter bedroom bathroom, Wait at entrance. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the bedroom and enter the hall. Go straight and enter through the swinging doors. Enter the bedroom on the left, and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bedroom, go straight through the room and step through the swivel doors and step in and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet. Turn right. Turn slightly left and go into the hallway. Pass the chair on the right and continue straight into the room. Wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the laundry room, and go right. Go down the hallway on the left. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall on the right. Stop in the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the closet, and take a right. Leave the room, and veer left down the hallway. Enter the bedroom on the right on the wall straight ahead. Stop once you are in the bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go up the stairs. Turn right. Turn right into the room. Wait near the bed. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go upstairs, down the hall and stop in the first bedroom on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Ascend stairs, make a right, head forward, make a right and enter the bedroom, and wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and wait on the rug in front of the bench with the giraffe print. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go down the hall into the living room. Stop on the striped rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and walk down the hall through the double doors. Stand near the large brown chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Stand so the patio is behind you and walk past the dining table and screen after that.  When you reach the front door, turn left going into the kitchen.  Stop in the doorway to the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go passed the glass table to the right, go through the way and step into the archway to the left of the small glass of table and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF walk past the two white couches, make a left turn and stop near the door to the left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk into the house and to the left past the couch. Walk left into the hallway and turn right. Stop by the couch. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Facing the backyard, go left passed the white couch, turn left into the archway, turn right into the room, take a step in, and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go inside. Turn left and go past the couches. Turn left and then turn right into the room on the right. Wait near the couch. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the room past the glass shelf and turn left. Turn left and walk into the bathroom. Stop by the wicker basket. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the massage room and take a left. Enter locker room the room through the door on the left of the room you were in. Stop in front of the clothes hamper. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room using the door on the far right. Turn left and then turn left again to go into the room next door. Walk straight until you pass the wall with holes on the right. Wait near the wall with holes on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn 180 degrees to face stairs. Walk up stairs. On landing, make slight left toward door in corner with light switch next to it. Stop in front of door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and walk up the stairs. At the top, turn left and stop when you reach the first door on your right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go up the stairs. Turn left and wait there near the large white door ahead. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go indoors. Walk straight until you almost past the stairs on the left and turn right into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Enter house, walk past the fireplace and make a right and enter dinning area, and wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk into the building and past the fireplace. Walk through the door on the right and stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go straight and and wait near the tv that is over the fireplace. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn right and wait in front of the fire place on the right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk through the bedroom into the sitting area. Walk to the fireplace in the sitting room. Stop in front of the fireplace. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the room. Go past the bed. Turn left. Go into the door on the far left and wait in the closet. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter bedroom make a left around bed, then enter closet, and wait. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk to the far side of the bedroom and wait in the closet. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk out of the bathroom and through the open entryway into the large room. Turn and walk past the white table cloth covered tables along the walls and towards the stairwell leading up stairs. Walk under the stairwell down the hall towards a door leading outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room. Turn right then turn left. Walk straight past the stairs on the right then turn right. Wait near the black bench on the right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk out of the bathroom and left out of the entryway. Walk to the right of the table cloth and stop by the bench. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the closet then turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a desk with with two green chairs. 
i5noydFURQK Exit current room head toward bedroom, make a right, make a left then head toward the office area. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the closet, and bedroom. take the first left in the hall, and go straight toward the green chairs. Enter the office, and stop before you reach the rug. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit bathroom and make a left, head forward then make a right to enter bedroom, wait at door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom and walk left down the hallway.  Go in the second doorway on the right after passing by the two chairs.  Stop in the doorway to this room with the blue walls and single bed. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom and turn left, go down the hallway and turn into the first archway on the right and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit dinning area, head toward the kitchen, make a right and ascend the stairs, and wait on the stair landing, after two steps. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Head around to the right, through the kitchen, then up the stairs to the first landing. Stop and wait near the wall sconce. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk past the round table and chairs. Turn right when you get to the kitchen. Go up the three steps on the right and stop before you get to the other set of steps. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and walk around the table and chairs at the bottom and stand in front of the doorway in the wall on your right.  Stop before going through the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Descend stairs, Wait at dinning table. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs on the left. Walk straight and wait near the couches. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk towards the doorway. Enter the bathroom and wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and straight into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Enter the bedroom and walk into the bathroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the open glass pane door into the large open room ahead. Walk around the columns and past the leather arm chairs against the wall. Stop near the oped door to the outside past the armchairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit room via double glass doors. Walk across room keeping white columns on the left side. Walk past two leather armchairs. Stop at second set of double doors leading to outside brick patio. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the room. Walk straight until you pass all the couches and chairs. After you pass the grand piano on the left turn right. Go out the double doors on the right. Wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom and turn left. When you reach the fireplace, turn left. Wait next to the stairs and coat room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit room, make a left, Heading toward fireplace, then make a left, wait next to "Coat Room". 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room. Turn left and pass the black bench on the left. Turn left and walk past the stairs on the left. Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Descend stairs, walk toward dinning table and wait. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go down the circular stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Walk towards the opening outside and stop between the dining table and light grey sofa. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go down the stairs. Turn left and walk toward the table and chairs. Wait near the couches. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward to presentation area, and wait. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards the far end of the room and stop by the ping pong table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward into the work space. Stop next to the ping pong table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight until you see three lounge chairs. Turn right and continue down the hallway. Go through the glass double doors and wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the lounge chairs and down the hallway. Wait in the room near the snack bar. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn to your left and go down the hallway on your right. Walking past the water dispense. Continue down that hallway until you hit a set of wooden doors with glass panes. Enter through those doors and wait right before the large column in the center. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the stairs, turn right and continue straight into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go down the stairs and turn right at the very bottom.  Keep walking straight past the sitting area on the left and into the bedroom with the blue walls at the end of the hallway.  Stop just after entering the bedroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Stop in the entryway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk forward and follow the railing, turn in the first door on your left and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom, turn right and walk all the way to the other side and enter the bathroom door to your left and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk straight then turn slightly right and go into the room on the left. Go all the way straight until you get to a door on the left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
V2XKFyX4ASd With the chairs on your right, walk straight and turn right following the railing.  Turn into the bedroom and walk through it past the bed and couch.  Turn into the bathroom at the end and stop in the doorway to this bathroom. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit bathroom or bathing area, make a right, enter other bathroom area. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight and pass the sinks. Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go into the room next door. Walk past the wall with the holes on the right and walk straight until you get to the wall on the left with holes. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the locker room and go next door to the right. Wait inside near the sinks. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk forward and turn right at the first intersection.  Then proceed down the hallway. Then turn left and stand on the first few stairs of  the main stair case. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the stairs and to the right. Go down the hall and go to the stairwell to the second floor. Stop on the third stair from the bottom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the three steps then turn right.  Walk straight until you pass the first chair on the right. Turn left and go up the steps. Go up three steps on the stairs in the right. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk forward and make a left into the first hallway. Continue down that hallway and climb over the ropes in front of you, if they are there. Wait on the oriental rug on the floor in the sitting area. 
VLzqgDo317F Make a left to exit room, proceed down hallway, and stop in fainting room. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left into the hallway. Go straight until you get to the oval table.Wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Pass the round table and chairs. Turn left when you get to the bar with chairs/stools. Walk straight until you get to a hallway on the right. Turn into that hallway and wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit eating area, walk forward, stop in center of the three door openings. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk through the dining room past the table and into the hall on the other side. Walk around the support columns past the small bar counter and through the arched door. Stop in the hallway next to the bar area. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk straight until you get to the table and chairs. Stop there. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Stop by the dining room table and chairs. 
i5noydFURQK With the toilet to your left, walk straight.  When you get to the door with the sign that says "Residence One", turn right and walk into the open area.  Walk past the sitting area and towards the dining table and chairs.  Stop behind the chair at this table that is closest to the kitchen. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the room and enter the hallway. In the hallway, turn left and continue towards the left at the watermelon painting. Then stop in front of the black and yellow painting. 
JF19kD82Mey Exit the room. Turn left and go straight down the hall. Turn left and pass the stairs on the right. Go into the room and wait near the bed. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk forward down the hallway ahead. At the end, turn left and walk forward. Turn left and walk past the stairs into the doorway straight ahead and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Follow path past the red art structure.  Head inside the door and have a seat on the chair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the glass walls on the left. Walk past the red metal sculpture on the left. Enter the building. Wait at the metal chair on the right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go to your right and walk passed the wall. Pass the sculpture and continue. Stop near the elevator. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Stop in front of the door to exit the bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the vanity over the polar bear rug. Make a right turn into the bedroom. Wait next to the thermostat. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right and stop just inside the bedroom.
vyrNrziPKCB Walk left past the railing and stop in front of the mirror. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk left down the hallway, keeping the black railing on your right.  Keep going straight and stop when you reach the framed mirror at the end just before entering the bedroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight until you get to the mirror at the end. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and make a hard left into the very next doorway. Stop and wait near the mirror. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait near the x-ray table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the massage room and go left. Enter the door on the left of the room you were in. Stop in front of the large white device. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Cross the corridor and go down the hallway. Wait inside the bridal room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk toward the left of the cloth covered table and down the hall under the stairs. Turn right and stop just inside the bridal room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk under the stairs past the cupboards and bench and turn into the door before you go outside.  Wait at the bathroom doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk across room past glass and wood wall separator and wicker basket. Walk down hall and across mosaic floor. Enter left door on opposite wall. Turn left. Stop inside room in front of massage table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight past the lounge chairs and exit the room. Go straight past the hallway. Go into the fourth room on the right and wait near the bed on the left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Facing the lounge chairs go left and through the way to the left of the two hangings on the wall, go through the hallway and straight ahead there are two doorways go into the left one, take a few steps towards the massage table and stop. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk past the tables in the center of the room. Wait at the stair landing to the left of the gold table lamp on the right. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk straight past the table and chairs. Go straight until you get to a statue on the left. Wait there. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Leave the library, and go down the stairs. Stop on the first step. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and walk up the stairs. When you reach the first platform, turn left and go up the next few steps. Then turn left again and go up the next few steps. At the top, walk forward and stop at the bottom of the next set of stairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk up stairs, at stairs intersection turn left and go up stairs. Stop next to Monroe art. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the stairs. Turn left and go up the stairs then turn left again and go up the stairs. Then walk straight until you see the marilyn monroe art on the wall on the right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk behind the back of the couch and past the table with flowers. Walk toward the front door and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go inside. Turn right and go past the couches. Turn left and walk toward the stairs. Go up the stairs. Stop when you get to the top. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn around and walk to the right side of the room towards the foyer area. Once you enter the foyer area, turn left and head towards the stairs going up. Walk all the way to the top of the stairs and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Go towards the pool and then go to the left of the pool, go straight towards the diamond shape on the wall, turn right through the way and then left, and stop near the plant. 
r47D5H71a5s Head in towards the pool and turn left, to pass by the pool with the pool towards your right. Continue forward and take a dogleg to the right to enter an alcove with a door to your left and an other door to your right, both leading to a massage room. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left, and pass the pool on your right. Keep walking forward, and then turn right towards the pool corner. Walk a bit, and turn left immediately. Stop in front of the big rectangular mirror. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go past the couches and turn slightly right to go into the hallway. When you see the round rug go into the room that is on the right and wait near the table with chairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the leather chair and to the right of the pictures. Walk down the hall and into the office to the right of the front door and stop in front of the desk. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit living area make a slight left and walk toward the office area, and wait. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and walk through the hallway left of the kitchen area. Turn right and enter the closet on your left. Wait at the entrance of the closet. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left and pass the table and chairs. Go into the hallway then turn right. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and walk across the kitchen and through the doorway to the left of the refrigerator. Once in turn right and then turn in the first door on the left and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the laundry room and go into the kitchen. Go to the small dining table. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go through the kitchen. Wait near the round table with the chairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit room and head past the kitchen.  Wait at the dining table. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the bed and out of the bedroom. Turn right and stop in the bathroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom. Go past the bed and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom and turn right.  Walk into the shower room. Wait near the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk around the table and chairs and toward the steps. Walk up to the fourth step and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past dining table to the staircase.  Walk up a few steps.  Wait here. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go to the plant of the floor. Go to the staircase. Go up three stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Enter the recreation room and go straight. Take a right at the hall, and enter the bathroom through the first right. Stop in front of the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight across the room, pass the pool table and enter the hallway. Turn right at the hallway and then turn right and enter the bathroom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past pool table on the right side, enter hallway and turn right, walk down hall and make a right at bathroom, enter and wait at counter. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave dining room to main lobby, walk towards main entry. Stop at entry doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go out the single open door to the right of the fireplace. Go to the white table. Go in front of the door that goes outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the double doors just to the right of the fireplace, across the corridor and wait in the doorway to the bridal room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit current room, make a left at second door, head down hallway, and wait at water cooler. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight then turn left into the second door. Go straight until you get to lockers and a water fountain. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the lobby with the reception desk on the right. Go into the men's room through the second door on the left. Walk forward to the last bay of lockers. Stop next to the water cooler. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj walk around the corner then turn left, walk forward then stop at the front of the lamp. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk toward the bed. Wait near the green chair by the bed. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk towards the bed to the far side of the square table and chairs and walk around the right side of the bed.  Stop in front of the green chair to the left of the door to the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom through the bedroom and into the hallway. Stop and wait near the sliding glass door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door straight ahead. Wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom, turn right and exit the bedroom. Stand outside the bedroom door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Pass through the kitchen, make the first right into the gym and wait near the television. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn let and go through the kitchen. Turn left and go past the table and chairs. Turn right and go into the mini gym. Wait near the treadmill. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go into the kitchen. Go past the dining table. Turn right and go into the gym room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight to exit the room. Turn right and go down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the dining room by the door on the left and take a right.  Wait inside the bedroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk into hall, turn right and walk into bedroom. Stop at TV. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk across dining room, turn right into hall and wait at wolf painting. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk to the left of the dining room table and chairs and toward the bookshelf. Walk through the entryway to the right of the bookshelf and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go past the table and chairs. After you pass the rug turn right into the hallway. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Head in and through the office, then use the left doorway to enter the seating area. Stop and wait by the nearest chair. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk left pas the table and chairs and into the next room and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and enter the formal study. Walk past the table, turn left and enter the room.  Wait near t he chair. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit bedroom and take a right.  Walk to the end of the hallway and into the other bedroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Keep going right until you get to the end of the hallway and enter a bedroom.  Stop after stepping into the bathroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit the bedroom. Turn right.Go down the hallway until you get to a room. Wait near the bed. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk straight into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen until you get to the fridge. Before you get to the fridge turn right. U turn left and go into the hallway. Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn left to enter the kitchen walking toward the fridge. Turn right to exit kitchen and make immediate left. Stop at first doorway and turn left to enter bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk into the kitchen and turn right at the end of the island. Walk out of the kitchen and make a sharp turn left. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk past the couch and through the double doors to the outside. Stop to the left of the patio chairs. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the room Then go straight until you get to a black chair and stop. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go outside and stand next to the black left chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Cross by the couch and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Facing the kitchen, look about 30 degrees to your right and you'll see a while couch. Walk to the couch and stop just to the right of the right hand arm rest of the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight into the kitchen. Turn right and pass the table and chairs. Wait near the white couch. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn toward your left and walk toward the plant and mirror in the hallway, away from the couch sitting area. Continue walking down the hallway on the left hand side. You should see a bathroom area with a bathtub. Wait outside of that bath area. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the television and couch and into the hallway. Turn left and stop in front of the bathroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk straight to exit the room. Turn left and wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bathroom and cross over the to the second door on your right. Stand near the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the bathroom and go into the second door to the right of the kitchen.  Stop after entering this empty room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go into the second door on the right. Wait there. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Stop in front of the bed. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go straight past the sink and the shower and exit the bathroom. Turn right and wait near the bed. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the bathroom.Turn right. Wait next to the foot of the bed. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit bedroom and walk across hall to bedroom, enter bedroom and turn left, walk to bathroom and enter, wait by window. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and go through the bedroom. Turn left by the bed and then turn left to enter the bathroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Leave the Garden room, and head into the sunset  bedroom straight across. Enter the bathroom in the room. Stop before you reach the sink. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the closet, and the bedroom. Take the first left in the hallway. Enter the bedroom through the last door on the right. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit out the small door in front of you. Once out, turn right and enter the hallway. Once in the hallway, turn left and enter the first doorway leading to another hallway. Enter the last door on the right and stop at the foot of the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the closet, then turn right and exit the bedroom. Then turn left and walk down the hall past the the bathroom. Enter the bedroom on your right and wait near the bed. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk behind the couch and past the glass doors to the outside. Walk left through the entryway and stop by the gray chair. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Cross the room and go into the archway behind the blue couch, take a step into the room and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit the room and stop near the piano. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go down the hallway and stop inside the first bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn left and walk towards the piano. At the piano, turn right and enter the doorway. Walk to the end of the short hallway and then turn right. As soon as you turn right, turn left in the first door and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the doorway next to the piano. Then stop in the first doorway to the bedroom with a white rug under the bed with a blue comforter on it. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom. Go to the dining table Go to the wooden dining table in the next room. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom and turn left, then turn right just past the kitchen counter. Stop in the dining room and wait near the painting. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room. Turn left and go past the bar with the chairs/stools.Turn right and go straight toward the table and chairs and wait there. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit bedroom to hallway, turn right to front door. Exit house to porch, stop at rocking chairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the bedroom. Go into the living room. Go outside and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit bedroom. Turn right and walk into the living room.  Turn left towards the front door and exit the building. Stop beside the mat on the ground. 
S9hNv5qa7GM walk past staircase and stop in front of first door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down corridor with paintings on wall until you reach the staircase.  Wait here. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go to the end of the hallway with three pictures on the right side. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk across to the far side of the corridor, then stop near the stairway on the left and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk across the room with the large carpet. Wait by the bench just before the stairs entrance on the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight until you get to stairs. Wait near the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go straight until you pass a chair on the right then turn left. Walk past the metal wall and then turn left. Wait near the sink. 
Uxmj2M2itWa With the door to the outside directly behind you, move forward and turn left. Continue around to your left with the metallic, cylindrical wall to your immediate left until you reach the entrance to the restroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around 180 degrees to go further into the building. Keep heading to the left until you find yourself behind a large, curved metal screen near a small table and a window.
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk down the hallway and out the door at the end, across from the stairs. Once out, turn left and walk across the foyer area to the stairs. Start up the stairs and stop once you get to the 2nd step. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight. Pass the stairs on the right and go out the door. Turn left and continue straight toward the round table. Go up the stairs on the right. Go up two steps then wait. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Make a left and head forward toward the staircase, slight right toward staircase, then wait on second stair. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk up the stairs and into the kitchen. Wait near the barstools. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk up the flight of stairs and turn the corner continuing up to the top of the stairs. Walk towards the island counter in the middle of the room with bar stools on one side. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk up the stairs in front of you all the way to the top. Stop once you enter the kitchen behind the bar stools. 
vyrNrziPKCB Pass  by the round table with the flowers on the left side and go towards the front door. Turn left and go up the circular stairs. When you get to the top go to the right a bit and stop there and wait. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk left past the table and toward the front door. Turn left and walk up the stairs. Turn right and stop just past the railing at the top of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk across the foyer and up the stairs to the top. At the top, turn to the right and stop beside the flower in the wall. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go forward, turn left, go forward, turn right and go forward to exit the house, wait outside the door. 
vyrNrziPKCB From kitchen walk into wine bar, turn left into dining room, walk right across dining room to entry doors, walk outside and stop at porch. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk towards the counter. Turn left, walk past the doorway. Turn right walk across the room past the table. Walk through both sets of pillars out the door. Wait outside the house. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk through the hallway away from painting of the man to your right. Walk passed the sitting area and continue through the hallway toward a sculpture of two animals in a niche to your right. Once you get to the animal sculptures in the niche on your right, wait there. You should also see a tapestry hanging on the wall to your left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and walk down the hallway. Go past the front door and continue until you reach the shelf on the right side with an animal statue and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past the living room on the right. Walk past the wall tapestry on the left. Wait under the round skylight. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn slightly right and walk forward straight into the doorway in front of you with a rug, Once you enter, turn right and stop in the doorway of the room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk down forward and go inside. walk toward the curtain and then turn right into the doorway. Stop in the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight down the walkway through the archway, take a right into the archway on the right and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk across the hallway keeping to the left. Enter the bathroom and wait by the first stall to your right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and walk down the hallway and into the bathroom. Once in the bathroom,  enter the first door on your right and stop facing into the shower stall. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk straight past the first sink. Turn right and go into the showers. 
HxpKQynjfin Walk past the sink and go left past the television. Walk to the left of teh bed and stop just outside the bathroom. 
HxpKQynjfin Turn left and walk to the left side of the bed. Once you are beside the bed, Turn left and enter the closet straight ahead and stop. 
HxpKQynjfin From bar walk left across bedroom. Stop at closet with robes. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk forward down the hallway all the way to the other end and make a slight right to keep following the hallway. Stop in the hallway beside the small refrigerator. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go down the long hall past the living room and kitchen. Continue down the hall and stop before you enter the room at the end. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go straight down the hallway until you get to a small wine fridge on the right. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bedroom and turn left. Enter the bathroom on the right and wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and walk out the double doors. Once out, turn left and walk down the hallway.Walk past the sitting area and then enter the next door on the right. Stop once you enter the room. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit bedroom, turn left in hall, walk into bathroom at the right and stop in front of sink. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk through the entryway and left up the stairs that curve left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Stand with the door behind you and go up the staircase on your left.  Stop where the other staircase meets up, just before the single staircase going up. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk forward towards the staircases and go up the staircase on the left. Once you have finished climbing up the first set of stairs there will be a short landing area. Wait there do not continue upstairs or go back downstairs on the set of stairs in front of you. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bedroom through the door left of the guitar. Turn left and head through the archway. Turn right toward the front door. Enter the doorway to the right of the front door leading to the office area. Stop there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Go past the round carpet into the room on the right. Wait near the table and chairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit bedroom, make a left, then make a sharp right, head towards office area, and wait. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the bottom of the staircase in the dining room. Go into the office. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk across the room, past the stairs and wait in the office, by the desk. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Step outside of the room and walk through the doorway on the opposite side past the stairs.  Stop after stepping into the office. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the bathroom and go up the steps. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom. Walk up the steps. Go stand at the bottom of the stairs, next to the art with blue lines. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Leave bathroom to bedroom, walk up stairs, turn left and stop at base of stairs going up. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk around the bed and past the television. Walk out of the bedroom and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and exit the bedroom into the hallway.  Turn right and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past the bed then turn right. Exit the room using the door on the left. Go up the stairs on the right. Go up a few steps then stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk straight down hall turn right into bedroom, stop at bookcase. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward and enter the hallway with the paintings. Keep walking straight all the way to the end when you reach the picture of 2 children. Turn right and stop when you enter the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn slightly left and continue down the hallway. Continue straight until you get to a door on the right. Wait at the entrance. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Enter the house, and walk through the TV room. Walk up stairs. Wait at the carved wood sculpture to the right. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk into the house and past the couches. Walk up the steps and stop at the top of the stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the balcony and go through the living room. Walk up the four steps and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk across the foyer to the table in the center. Turn right. Walk towards the staircase towards the right side of the entry door. Wait at the bottom of the stairway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Leave the dressing room, and go right. Go to the stairwell on the right. Stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go into the entry. Walk towards the table with the flower vase in the center of the entry. Stop on the second stair of the staircase that's on the right of the front door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room through the double doors, cross the corridor, then continue into the bedroom at the far left. Stop and wait near the bed. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the living room. Walk past the glass tables towards the chairs along the wall to the right side. Walk through the doorway after the brown chairs. Walk straight through the next archway. AT the buffet, turn right and walk into the bedroom directly opposite of the buffet. Wait by the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go straight until you exit the room using the double doors ahead. Go straight and enter the hallway ahead. Turn left when you get to the chair and go into the second room on the right. Wait near the bed. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom. Pass the dresser on the left and turn left. Turn right and pass the fireplace on the right. Exit the room using the door on the right and wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bathroom through the doorway to the right. Turn left into the first doorway and enter the bedroom. Walk around the lounge chairs and turn right at the double doors. Wait in the double doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn and walk past the bathtub and into the next room with a dresser cabinet. Walk through the door after the cabinet and into a bedroom area. Walk around the armchairs and fireplace into a small hallway towards the open door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go through the bedroom doorway across from the mirror. In the bedroom go through the first door on the left. Go to the bathtub. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 When you pass the mirror on the right turn left. Turn left and walk straight until you go into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk past the mirror. Then turn left and enter the bedroom. Then turn left and walk into the master bathroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit living area, pass the staircase and turn left and exit through the door. Pass the chairs toward walk way. Wait by first window encountered. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past the double doors and veer left. Walk through the door to the left and outside. Walk to the right of the patio furniture and stop by the railing on the walkway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the large double doors, cross to the left and go through those double doors. Continue to the right and stop on the balcony. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Enter the building, walk past the siting and dining area to the front door. Wait outside the front door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Follow pass the table and go through the entryway and turn right and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go inside and turn right.  Walk straight until you get to a white rug near the kitchen area by a square clock.  Turn right when you get to this white carpet and walk outside.  Stop just after stepping off the dark mat outside. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom, go passed the bed on the right, go through the archway that the lounge chairs are facing, not the doorway, and stop when inside the archway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the tub and through the room. Walk past the yellow recliners and stop in the entryway. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk straight ahead past the bathtub and continue straight along the windows on the purple floor. Once you reach the other side and the lime green furniture, enter the door on the left and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the closet to the bedroom. Exit the bedroom to the double doors on the left. Go forward and enter the second door on the right leading to the laundry room. Wait there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the closet then turn left. Turn left and exit the room. Turn right in the second door. Wait there. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave bedroom to hallway, turn right into laundry room and wait. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and stop just before the landing. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go downstairs, walk past the bathroom and to the end of the hall. Wait in the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk down the remaining steps to the lower floor. Turn the corner at the photo of Marilyn Monroe and walk down the hallway past a bathroom and closet area. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall which has a bed with a tray with beverages on top. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the wood floored hallway past the open doors and framed photographs on the walls. Continue down the stairwell at the end of the hall down the first few steps. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go straight until you get to the stairs. Go down three steps then stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the hall to the top of the stairs. Walk to the second step down and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and go past the table and chairs into the hallway. Turn right and go into the laundry room. Wait near the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk toward the bar stools in the kitchen area and go down the hallway to the right of these bar stools.  Turn into the doorway on the right and enter the laundry room.  Stop in front of the sink. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the kitchen through the room on the left of the mirrors. Take the first right into the laundry room. Stop in front of the sink. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go into the hallway. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right and go straight. Turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit room make a left, walk down hallway, make a right, make a other sharp right. Stop at door entrance. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn right and walk out the door. Once out turn left and walk all the way down the hallway. At the end, turn right and then enter the first doorway on your right. Walk forward and stop in the next doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight until you are on the carpet, then turn left and walk all the chairs on your left and two big table son your right.  You will find a staircase. Use the steps on the right side of the staircase.  Go down the stairs.  Once down the stairs, turn to your right and go down that hallway.  You will see another room with a carpet and lights hanging from the ceiling. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter large lobby, turn left and walk passed stairs going down at the right. Stop in archway at open door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the great room, turn left and walk to the staircase. Don't descend but go to the right of the stairs and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn left and wait by the reception desk. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the water cooler and out the door. Turn right and stop in front of the round desk. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go past water cooler. Exit the room. Stop in front of the desk. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk past the foot of the bed on the right. Walk past the TV on the left. Exit the bedroom. Walk past the half wall on the right. Wait at the landing on the top of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk across the bedroom to the other side. One the other side, turn right and exit the room into the hallway. Walk forward until the railing stops and then turn right and stop at the top of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk past the bed then turn right and go out the door on the right. Walk straight until  you get to a painting of a lady and watermelon on the right. Turn right and go down two steps of the stairs. Wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk out of the bedroom and Turn right. Walk into the right doorway at the end of the hall and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go down the hallway until you get to a room on the right. Turn right and wait at the entrance. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the bedroom past the bed and exit through the door into the hallway. Turn and walk down the hall past the hanging portrait pictures on the wall. Turn right into the doorway near the end of the hall into a bedroom with a comic book style art piece hanging on the wall opposite the bed. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and walk across the sofas towards the doorway slightly to your left. Wait just past the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk into the sitting area. Walk between the couch and the window sitting.  Exit the room near the giraffe statue. Stop outside of the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Stand with the dining table behind you and walk into the sitting area of the room in front of you.  Walk through the sitting area and leave through the big doorway to the right of the long mirror.  Take a few steps on the grey tile floor and then stop in the front entrance area. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk straight behind the two black leather chairs. To your right there will be two doors. Walk through the door on your left. As you walk through the door on the left make a left and walk passed the sitting area and into the kitchen. Turn left at the fridgerator and walk into the laundry area. Wait there next to the sink on your right. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Stand with the door going outside to your right and leave the room through the door next to the wooden table.  After going through the doorway, go straight down some stairs and turn left.  Walk to the kitchen area and turn left at the fridge.  Stand in front of the sink and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk across the room into the doorway to the right of the white desk. Turn left and walk straight through the kitchen area. At the refrigerator, turn left. Walk striaght into the laundry room. Wait by the sink. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk to the left of the table and chairs. Walk toward the dining room table and chairs and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go straight through the room opposite the staircase and passed the table on the right, go to the right side of the room and step near the circle table, to the left of the circle table and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk all the way down past the dining table. At the other end of the table, turn right and walk towards the small table with 4 chairs in the corner. Stop once you reach the table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the bedroom and turn right.  Walk past the stairs and bike and enter the room on the opposite side.  Stop in the doorway of this room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the room. Turn right and go into the room next door. Walk straight and stand hear the entrance of the other room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bedroom and wait by the door on the opposite end. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the doorway. Turn left and walk straight. Walk past the pictures on the left wall to the end of the hallway. Walk into the doorway of the bedroom on the right side at the end of the hallway. Wait by the desk. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk straight until you get to pictures on the wall of children turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit bathroom to hallway, turn left and follow hall to end, turn right into bedroom, stop at bookcase. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the room, turn left and go down the hallway, turn right into the brown double doorway, take a step in and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the room.  Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn right into the room and wait near the bed. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the closet and turn left. Walk out of the bedroom and walk down the hall. Turn right into the room across from the flowers and stop by the bed. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward, down The hall. Step onto the section of the floor which goes from wood to tile. Stop here. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight past the fireplace and past the long white table on the left.  Keep walking straight down the middle of this long room and stop after stepping off the wooden floor and onto the tile, almost under the last chandelier. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk down hallway passed fireplace. Continue down hallway passed white banquet table. Stop where the wood floor turns into tile. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk past the wooden seats and across the room. Stop by the large column. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn around and go to the end of the row and stop near the pillars. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk along the red sofa seat area through the main room of the church. Continue past the pews ahead and stop near the arched column structure leading to a small enclosed area. 
B6ByNegPMKs exit room make a left, then a right. go down hallway, wait in front of the first office. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the office and take a left, then a right. Walk straight. Stop outside of the office at the end of the hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out into the hall and left past the doorway. Walk down the hall and stop under the exit sign. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit Nerolie, turn right through the glass door, and go straight passed the first doorway on the right and then step into the next doorway on the right and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the reception counter and out of the room through the open glass door. Turn and walk through the open glass double doors to the right. Walk past the bamboo display and the counter. Continue past the glass panel wall and stop near the open door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the glass door and turn right. Walk past the double glass doors on the right and past the desk . Stop in front of the first door on the right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk to the right of the fireplace and go into the first room after stepping on the blue carpet.  Walk through the bedroom and past the green counter top.  Walk through the door to the bedroom on the left.  Stop after stepping into this second bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk to the right of the fireplace and into the first room on the right. Wait in the doorway to second bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go straight and slightly right to go into the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait near the wardrobe. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk to the yellow kitchen area and go through the door just left of the counters.  Stop once you step inside in front of the white tank. 
29hnd4uzFmX Cross the room and wait in the utility room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn around and walk towards the kitchen. Enter the first door to the right of the kitchen and stop once you enter. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Continue through the hallway, pass the great room, then stop near the bookshelves. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the floral arrangement on the floor to the right. Walk past the potted plant on the floor to the right. Walk through the open white door. Wait at the wall radiator on the right. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk to the far end of the hallway and through the door. Wait in front of the bookshelf. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit bathroom turn left in hall, walk straight into sitting room. Wait at floral chair. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bathroom and walk to the left, down the hallway. Wait at the end of the hallway, in the sitting area. 
vyrNrziPKCB exit washroom toward hallway, walk toward stairs then make a right after stairs to living area. Wait at entrance of living area. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around and walk down the brick steps to the bottom. Turn left and walk toward the brick boundary. Turn left and walk toward the plants. Turn right and walk past the white chair. Walk toward the open doors and stop in the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go down the stairs. Turn left and follow the hallway. Go past the white chair then go inside the house. Wait there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Finish going down the stairs and turn left and walk along the brick pathway.  Go inside after passing the white chair.  Stop just after stepping off the mat in front of the doorway leading inside. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the kitchen and walk through the dining room. Go straight to the living room. Stop next to the first window past the door on the left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk forward across the room past the dining table and past the table in the middle with no chairs. Once you reach the sitting room, stop to the left of the 2 chairs that match. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop next to the couch. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room. Walk across the hallway. Turn slightly right and walk across the kitchen towards the sofas. Turn left and walkthrough doorway just right of the portraits of a family. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go straight down hallway turning right just after the kitchen table. Follow pathway on the left between kitchen island and the back of the brown couch make a slight right passing through the arch door way. Continue straight using the middle hallway stopping at the picture with prayer on it. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the bedroom and into the hall. Walk past the bench and then right past the island. Walk through the entryway and into the hallway on the right. Stop in front of the vent. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and enter the building. Walk to the right side of the see through wall to enter the room. Stop halfway through when you are between the table and the 2 door cabinet. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go indoors. Go past the wall with holes and wait near the table and chairs. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the doors and to the right of the grated wall. Stop by the table and chairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and walk to the bottom of the stairs. At the bottom, turn left and then enter the door to your left, right before the white chairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down stairs and turn left and walk toward closet door and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go down the stairs. U turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn right into the office, make a right again between the bookshelves and then a quick left. Turn into the second doorway on the left. Stop and wait near the toilet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go straight and enter the room. Turn right and go out the door. Turn left and go through the hallway until you get to the second door on the left. Enter the room and wait near the toilet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT With the long corridor behind you, there will be a door to your left and a double door in front of you. Go through the double door in front of you. Exit this room through the opening in the corner of the room that's ahead of you and to the right. After passing the bookcase on your left (which is also a concealed door that you just went through), turn ninety degrees to the left and enter the second toilet area to your left. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit room and descend stairs, make a right pass the living area, stop and wait by security keypads. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the stairs.  Turn right at the blue and red chairs. Walk past the door to the outside. Stop by the two white "modern" chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk down the small set of steps to the floor below. Turn the corner to the right. Walk past the red sofa chair and continue down the walkway past the glass doors to outside. Walk through the concrete wall entryway and stop near the glass doors to the bedroom area. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down stairs into kitchen. Stop at counter. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs. Go into the kitchen that is to the left of the chair. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs until you reach the bottom and are standing in front of a chair.  Take a few steps left of the chair and then turn right and walk forward on the tile floor.  Stop in front of a small painting with a light fixture that looks like three candles. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Finish going down the stairs then go straight and U turn left. Wait near the couches. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk along the hallway and into the theater room. Wait at the back, between the sofa and the recliner. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk away from the steps. And follow the wood railing all the way around until you reach the blue furniture. Walk through the furniture and step up and stop to the right of the single recliner. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the first doorway on the right and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit bathroom, turn right. walk down hall and stop at other bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go straight until you get to the second door on the right. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit bathroom area into bedroom area, make a left, then make a right into closet area, and wait. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk through the bathroom past the tub and sink area. Walk through the door on the other end and into the bedroom. Turn the corner and walk into the long closet with many shoes and clothes on hangers. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk around the bed and out the door to the bedroom at the end.  Walk past the bed on the left side and walk into the closet behind the bed.  Stop when you reach the shoes in the closet. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit bedroom, make a left, walk toward other bathroom and wait at sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Walk past the bed and into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bedroom and take a left. Enter the bathroom and wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk past the shower on the left. Make a left just after the purple orchids on the right. Make a right opposite the blue glitter lips on the wall to the left. Wait at the open door to the exterior on the left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn slightly right and walk towards the wood looking wall across the hallway. Turn left and walk thorough the hallway turning right at the corner. Walk through the doorway left of the balcony. Wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit bathroom, walk down hallway, turn left as soon as you can stop at door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk through the large dining room down the middle of the room past the tables and fireplace. Walk through the open framed entryway on the other end of the room without doors. Walk past the old rotary phone on the wall and through the next open door beside it. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past all the table and chairs and toward the fireplace on the right. When you get to the fireplace continue straight into the hallway. Turn right and then turn left into the room that is near the elevator.. Wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the fireplace and through the entryway to the right of the television. Walk right down the hallway and turn left at the elevator and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk along the patio area past the wicker chair and potted plants. Walk in through the open door with a single hanging wall lamp and windows on either side. Continue into the interior of the home walking through the large room past the chairs around the coffee table. Continue towards the leather arm chairs in the far corner of the room. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left and go into the house. Go straight past the green chairs then turn left. Wait near the brown chair/couches. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head indoors, walk straight through the archway and stop in the corridor and wait near the leather chairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around 90 degrees, facing the red door behind you. At the end of the hallway just before the red door, take a right. Walk forwards past the copy machine. Just after passing the copy machine, stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk towards the "exit" sign and turn right.  Keep walking and stop once you have passed the copy machine. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight until you get to a red door then turn right. Go straight past the copy machine then stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk into the hallway and to the right. Walk through the doorway and make a sharp turn left. Stop on the second step. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Enter the hallway and bear to the right. go through the archway to the foot of the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop at the second step. Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hallway to your right.  Then turn left and stand on the first set of stairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk toward the fireplace. pass it and then go straight into the room on the left side. Wait near the table and chairs. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left and walk.  Turn left after the couch. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk across in front of the fireplace to the other side. Enter the doorway to the left of the pictures of children on the wall and stop once you reach the table and chairs. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the restroom through the door. Walk towards the foot of the bed. Move to the left and out of the bedroom door. Move down the hallway and take the first door on the left. Turn right in the first door on the right. Stop inside the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Walk from bathroom through bedroom and into hall. Turn left and walk into bathroom on the right. Stop at blue vase. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom to the bedroom.Turn left and go out the bedroom using the door on the left. Turn left. Turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the door and continue forward to the green counter with the coffee maker. Turn Left and walk into the bathroom and wait in front of the door to the toilet room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the room and walk straight down the hallway past the front door.  At the sink, turn right and stop in front of the door to the toilet room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the room and travel down the narrow hallway.  Turn right by the sink and wait in the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk up the steps, through the dining room and kitchen and wait across the hall, next to the wine. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go left along the couch and take a left up the stairs right before the plant, keep going through the kitchen, through the open door, keep going and down the hall until you get just inside the entrance way of the wine room and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go up the steps on the left. Go straight past the table and chairs. When you get to the kitchen pass the kitchen and go into the room straight ahead. Continue straight and go into the wine cellar. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn slightly left and exit the room. Turn right and walk towards the stairs. Wait by the small chair. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom. Go through the double-doors next to the plants and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk around the screens and outside the room.  Once outside, go to the room to the left of the large plants.  Stop after stepping into this room. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk down the flight of stairs.  Wait at the bottom of the stairs near the kitchen island. 
1LXtFkjw3qL With the door to the bedroom behind you, walk straight and then down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs, just before entering the kitchen. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the yellow painting on the wall and down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom. Walk past the bed and exit the room using the glass sliding doors to the balcony. Wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom and head outside through the glass door in the bedroom.  Wait on balcony. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the bathroom and walk straight past the foot of the bed and onto the patio.  Stop after stepping onto the patio. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the break room and walk into the office immediately to the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit office room, make sharp right, then sharp left into office room, and wait at entrance. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the room through the left door. Turn right, walk to the first door on the left. Stop inside of the room next to the door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go to the bed. Exit the bedroom. Go straight into the next room. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk across the hall and stop in the doorway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Leave the bathroom and turn right in the bedroom. Exit the bedroom, cross the hall and stop just inside the opposite doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right and walk down the hall. Stop at the end of the hall and wait near the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right and walk across the hall. Wait in the middle of the first intersection with an EXIT sign in front. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Walk to the end of the hallway and stand under the exit sign. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk all the way past the dining table. Once you reach the open room turn right and walk to the other side. Turn right and then right again and walk down the hallway. Turn left at the end and stop once you enter the room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past the dining room table and chairs into the hallway and turn right. Walk into the first door on the right and then left into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through, and out of the dining room. take a right, and go down the hall. Take a right at the end of the hall, and enter the bedroom on the left. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out the door and take a left.Go down the hall and take a right. Take a right into the third door on the right, wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office then turn left. Turn right into the hallway and walk straight until you get to the third door on the right. go into office #314. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit room number 363. Go left and go to the exit sign. At the exit sign turn right. Go to the window with "enerskin" written on it. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and go left through the hallway and left  into the first room, keeping going left through the living room and kitchen and stop in the front the bedroom in the hallway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room. Turn left and then turn left into the room next door. Turn right go straight and pass the sink on the left with the birds. Go into the room straight ahead. Wait at the entrance. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and enter the hallway behind you. Once in turn left and walk forward. Turn left at the end to enter the double wood doors. Walk across the room to the right side and enter the door beside the sink. Stop once you enter the bedroom and the plant and mirror are to you right. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the white room with the buttons on the left side and turn left in the hallway.  Walk straight until you see a circle floor decoration on the left.  Step on the circle and then stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk out of the elevator and take a hard left, walk out of the doorway and take a left. Wait in front of the door. 
rPc6DW4iMge Move forwards out of the elevator. Turn left and exit through the door. just ahead. Turn left and stop on the rug in front of the door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around 90 degrees. Exit out of the bathroom through the doorway. Turn right at the water fountain in the first entryway to the right. Pass to the left of the marble table. Head towards the base of the stair case. Stop just before you reach the bottom of the staircase. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk to the water fountain and go right.  Walk to the round white marble table in the middle of the room and go left.  Walk to the stairs and stop at the bottom without going up. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards the water fountain and then pass through the opening to your right. Turn left and continue to the base of the stairs leading upwards that's ahead of you and to your right. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk past the dining room and enter the bath room on your left.  Wait near the closet doors. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn hard right and walk towards the balcony area. Walk across and under the balcony. Enter the doorway left of the stairs. Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk into the middle room behind you with the long black table and the large painting of sailboats. Walk to the other side of the room towards the steps past the long black table. Once you reach the steps, turn left and walk forward into the small red and white hallway ahead. Stop once you enter the hallway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk all the way past the bar and keep walking straight. Stop once you reach the next doorway to your right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk past the kitchen and into the living room. Wait near the fireplace. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go forward past the chairs on the right and the pillars on the left.  Wait by the open door on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd walk straight beside the bed then exit the door, walk straight to the stairs then stop at the middle of the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go past the bed and exit the bedroom through the six panel door. Continue straight towards the staircase on the far wall. Go up 4 steps and wait there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk towards the bed and exit bedroom. Walk to the bottom of the stairs. Climb up to the fourth step and stop on the stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk into the room to the right of the end table and past the bookshelf. Walk through the entryway on the right and into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go into the room on the right side of the mirror.  Walk through the room and pass the two beds.  At the foot of the second bed, turn right into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the shower. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk into the bedroom, turn right into the bathroom and stop at the sink. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the closet toward the room. Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left. Turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the first sink. 
i5noydFURQK Exit room through door.  Immediately turn right.  Walk forward.  Take first left, then another quick right.  Enter bathroom.  Wait here. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the closet and go into the bedroom.  Turn right and walk out of the bedroom through the door at the end of the bed.  Turn left after taking a few steps and when you see some potted plants on your left, turn right and into the bathroom.  Stop just after stepping into the bathroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go out the door straight ahead. Head straight until you get to a round table. Turn right and head straight until you get to a bench on the right. Wait there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the room and enter the kitchen. Continue on a straight path and enter the next room. Head towards the front entry and stop in the center of the area in front of the front door. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the doorway directly opposite of the window. Walk straight through the kitchen. After you pass the archway on the opposite end of the kitchen and dining area, turn to the right. Walk towards the exterior door. Wait by the bench. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk straight across the room past the long table. Enter the 2nd doorway on your left and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the left side of the dining table. Go to the empty vase on the floor. Go into the doorway next to it. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the left side of the dining table. Go to the vase on the floor. Go into the room next to the vase on the floor. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the animal carpet and out of the room.  Turn left in the hallway and walk towards the patio.  Stop on the darker wood floor behind the brown chair on the right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go across the zebra rug to the doorway. Go through the doorway and to the staircase. Go between the staircase and the blue couch. Go outside and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the glass desk and into the doorway and turn left. Walk past the couch and step just outside and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go inside into the living room. Go behind the brown couch. Go up the stairs into the dining room. Go into the kitchen. Go into the small room on the right of the kitchen and stand in front of the microwave. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around 90 degrees facing the door to the inside of the house. Enter through the door. Walk behind the brown leather sofa. Turn left and enter into the kitchen by climbing up the 2 steps. Walk towards the painting of the man to the right, passing by the table and chairs in the dining area. Walk into the room with the sink and stop just in front of the cutting board that is on the counter. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go inside turn left and go up the steps. Pass the table and chairs. When you get to the kitchen turn right and go into the room. Wait near the microwave. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go straight past railing then turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait near the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the hall and turn right. Turn left in the doorway an stop in front of the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go forward toward the desk. Turn right and exit through doorway ahead. Take right again and enter through doorway directly ahead. Take a slight left and head through the archway leading to the bedroom. Wait by the lamp. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the room. Turn right and go up the steps. Wait there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk up the first set of stairs and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the door and turn right immediately. Walk up the small three steps, and stop at the top of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk into the kitchen and take a right. Go out through the door on the left, and walk to the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and exit into the kitchen. Walk out the right side of the kitchen and out the door on the left. Once out walk forward into the foyer area and turn right and head to the stairs.  Start to walk up the stairs and stop on the 2nd step from the bottom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk out of the exercise room and into the kitchen and turn right. Walk through the kitchen and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right and walk toward the stairs. Walk up to the second step and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left into the office and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk straight then turn left at the door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight ahead down the hallway and stop in the first doorway to the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the hall into the next room and left around the chairs. Walk through the doorway and right around the desk. Walk through the doorway to the left of the chairs and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the open door. Walk past the animal tusks on the table to the left. Walk through the open door to the left of the ship in the glass case. Walk past the curtained windows on the left. Walk through the open door between the burgundy chairs. Wait at the threshold of the door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Head out through the main seating area and use the doorway to the far left to pass straight into the bedroom. Wait near the clothed tabled. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the door and turn left.   Walk past mirror, and enter the first door on your right.  Wait by kitchen counter. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn slightly right and walk towards the wall. Turn left and walk across the hallway past the mirror on the floor. Turn right and wait by the kitchen counter in the kitchen area. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk forward then turn left, walk forward again then turn left at the kitchen area. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk to the foot of the bed and to a little sitting area.  Go through the door on the left side.  Stop once you have stepped into the bathroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk past the television and around the bed and stop across from the shower. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn left and walk to the end of the bed. Walk through the door at the end of the bed. Turn left and take two steps into the bathroom and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Proceed straight and then go up the center stairs three steps. Go to the dining room towards the left and pass through to the kitchen  Stop in front of the sink and wait there. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Take the first few steps up to go through the dining room and into the kitchen. Stop and wait near the island. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the three stairs, and head toward the dining area on the left. Walk through the dining area and enter the kitchen. Stop before you reach the sink in the kitchen. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around and walk out of the room. Turn left and follow the wood railing to the end and then turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out the doors and turn left. Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the room, and go left. Walk down the hall, and take a right at the elevator. Stop in front of the stairs. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and walk down the hallway to the end of the grey tile and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A With the gold and brown bins on your left, walk straight down the hallway.  Stop at the end of the hallway, just after you pass a cabinet on the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Facing the two baskets on the floor turn right.  Walk straight down the hallway following the gray tile on the floor. Stop when the gray tile turns right. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go down the hall. Stop next to the Pulp Fiction poster. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk straight until you get to a poster on the left side of the wall of Pulp Fiction. Wait there. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Continue down the hallway, pass the stairs and then stop near the set of posters. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left and walk through the kitchen, then down the hall.  Then enter the living room on your left. 
rPc6DW4iMge With the fireplace on your right, walk straight out of the main room and past the stairs.  Turn left in the sitting area in front of the gold footstool. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the refrigerator. Enter the living room through the last door on the left. Stop once you enter the room. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk across the kitchen past the bar stools. Enter the large entryway to your right with all the pictures hanging and then turn right. Walk all the way to the end and enter the door to the left of the pictures of 2 kids. Walk to the right side of the bed and enter the bathroom. Stop once you are inside. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk towards the pictures on the wall then make a right turn to the bedroom, wait inside the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A About face, go through the large archway then turn hard right. Go through the bedroom and stop in the ensuite.
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the room. Walk all the way straight until you get to the kitchen sink. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out of the bedroom and past the refrigerator. Stop in front of the sink. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight to exit the bedroom, and keep walking forward passing the refrigerator on your right. Stop in front of the sink faucet. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 walk straight then then stop at the living room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit door, and walk into lobby.  Continue forward and pass the stairway.  Enter the room with the piano.  Wait beside sofa. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the room. Pass the stairs. Go straight until you get to a room with a fireplace. Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk forward toward the hutch and to the left towards the hallway. Enter into the hallway. Go around the corner to the left inside the hallway. Walk towards the staircase.. Stop when the piano is to your right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk to the left of the end table and into the hallway. Turn left and stop just outside the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Enter the hallway to the left. Turn and follow the hallway until you reach the room with the stairs. Stop when you enter. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight all the way down until you get to the third window from the left. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn slightly right and walk across the carpeted room. Wait by the third window of four counting left to right,. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight through room the right side. Stop at the second window from the right on the wall straight ahead. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around. Walk towards the oriental rug. Walk up the stairs and stand in front of the framed art on the wall. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn right and enter the foyer area. Turn left and walk up the stairs all the way to the top and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through the arched entryway into the next room. walk over the floor rug towards the stairwell. Walk up to the top of the staircase to the upper level of the home and stop at the top of the stairs near the old drawings on the wall. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn until you're facing the wall with several doors marked with an "exit" sign above them. Exit the room through the rightmost set of doors on the opposite wall from you. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn right and walk across the dining room and out the single door to straight ahead. Stop once you walk outside. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Head forward towards doorway. Stop at doorway to outside. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and exit the room. Once out turn right and walk forward and out the door on the left. Once out turn left and walk until you reach the fireplace.  At the fireplace, turn left and walk straight forward. Stop right before you reach the white table to your right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the room and turn left in the main corridor, pass the fireplace, then wait near the coat room. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left  and exit the bathroom, enter the hallway and turn left.  Walk to the fireplace and turn left.  Walk past the double doors and wait near the edge of the tile floors. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the laundry room and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and turn right. Go straight and wait by the left side of the kitchen table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the laundry room and turn right into the kitchen, turn right again into the dining room. Stop and wait near the dining table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go past washer and dryer and through the door. Turn right. Go past the cabinets and island. Stop at the table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk towards the dark animal skin rug and turn right when standing on top of it.  Keep going until you get to the stairs and then go down.  Stop on the third step from the top. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn right.After you pass the 1 on the left turn right. Go down the stairs on the right. Go down three steps then wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom and wait in the middle of the stairway on the right. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the building and past the coffee table. Walk past the table and chairs and to the left of the island. Walk around the corner and into living room. Stop in the middle of the entryway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk inside then turn left and go past the kitchen. Go into the living room and wait near the white couches. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the house, and go along the left side of the kitchen. Leave the kitchen and enter the dining area. Take a left and step out onto the patio. Stop on the patio. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go to the long brown table with two chairs. Go to the left side of the bathtub. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left and pass the large table and chairs. Pass the tub and wait near the double doors. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the length of the room past the long table and stop after passing the tub at the end in front of the door to the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and walk forward to the end and then turn left and enter the bedroom. Once in the room, walk to the right side of the room past the fireplace and then enter the door on your right. Stop in the doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go to the front of the suitcases. Go into the bedroom. Go to the footstool. Go to the left side of the fireplace. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk straight out of the bathroom past the dresser on the left. Turn left and walk into the room. Turn right and go out the room using the door on the right. Wait in the hallway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and walk straight down the hallway until you get to the top of the stairs on the left. Wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bedroom and turn left at the stair half wall. Walk down the corridor and then turn left and wait at the top of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the room and around the landing towards the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairwell. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk out the door to your right. Once out, turn left and then left again to enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sinks. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room next door on the left. Wait near the sink. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and turn through a one hundred eighty degree arc to the left to enter the bathroom, stopping at the entrance to the shower. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn right to head down corridor.  Take the first left and enter bedroom.  Wait next to bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk right out of the bedroom and walk to the right of the railing and walk left out the door. Stop at the end of the bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 turn right then walk straight, turn left at the wood door and enter the room with bed on the outside. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bathroom and turn left.  At the Foosball table turn left again into the bedroom.  Walk to the foot of the bed and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn left and walk forward and enter the next door on your left. Walk across the bedroom and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bathroom and take a left. Take the first left into the bedroom. Walk forward into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and enter the building. Once in turn left and then left again. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop when you are at the foot of the bed in between both beds. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk inside and turn left at the screen.  Turn left again and walk into the room past the black chair.  Walk through the bedroom at the foot of the beds and stop in front of the TV. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go through doorway and turn left. Go through first doorway into the doorway on the left wall. Go forward and stop inbetween beds. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go inside. Pass the kitchen and go into the second door from the left. Wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk past the kitchen area and into the second doorway on the left. Stop just inside the doorway. 
29hnd4uzFmX Enter the house, and go into the foyer that is the second door on the left. Stop onc eyou enter the foyer. 
JF19kD82Mey Turn right, go forward, turn left, go forward through the hallway, turn left, proceed to the bathroom and wait beside the bathtub. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk down the hall and into the bedroom. Walk left around the bed and stop in front of the tub. 
JF19kD82Mey Turn around and walk along hallway with the art on the walls which over looks the stairs. Enter the bedroom and walk into the bathroom.  Stand near the bath tub. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk to the opposite side of the dining area and wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight until you pass many round tables with chairs. When you pass the large table on the left. Head straight until you get to more round tables with chairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and walk to the middle of the dining room where it is open. Once you reach this area, enter the other side of the dining room to the left of the last column on the right. Once you pass the first table, stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the small trunk and into the hallway on the left. Walk through the hallway and into the bathroom on the left. Stop just inside the bathroom door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Look to the left. Walk through the door on the left. Walk down the narrow hallway. Go through the last door on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left into the hallway. Go down the hallway. Turn left in the second door. Wait near the sink. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight and then turn left. Turn left again and go inside. Go straight toward the white couch and wait near there. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the round table and chairs and go to the building on the left.  Go through the screened porch and inside the front door.  Go to the sitting area opposite the kitchen area and stop on the rug in front of the window, between the chair and couch. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk to the stairs, and take a left. Enter the house through the door on the left. Walk to the couch. Stop on the far right of the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight past the pool. Turn left and go into the house using the large glass sliding doors. Pass the table and wait near the door to exit the room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk straight down the patio past the two chairs and then two beds.  Turn into the room on the left after passing the two beds.  Walk through the room and stand in the doorway on the opposite wall from where you entered on the left, just past the animal skin rug.  Stop in this doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Start at the pool near two long sofa chairs, go past them and then turn left through the glass door opening. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn around and stop near the glass office. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the corridor till you reach the corner. Stop there next to the fire extinguisher and wait. 
B6ByNegPMKs About face and stop at the end of the corridor.
p5wJjkQkbXX Head straight down the hall past the mirror, then across the living room to the far left hallway. Wait near the bathroom door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk straight and pass the mirror on the right. Turn slightly right and walk toward the grey chair and couches.Walk into the opening that is to the left of the grey couche/chairs.Wait there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk froward. Go diagonally right. Exit room through the right. Stop at the door leading to stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn left and then go up the two steps of the stairs on the left. Stop there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave through bathroom door.  Immediately turn left.  Walk straight until you reach stairs on the left.  Wait at bottom of steps. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom and then turn left. Bear to the left and head towards the stairs. Go up to the second step and wait there. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk to the left of the bed into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk into the bathroom to the left of the bed. Stop just inside. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Head indoors, stop in the bathroom and wait near the vanity. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and exit room. Walk straight passed the barber chair. Turn left beside the exercise bike into the open door. Walk through the door and stop between the two massage tables. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room. Turn right and walk toward the pool. Turn into the room to the left of the exercise bike. Stop between the two beds. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and exit the room. Go straight and turn left on the third door. Wait near the beds. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight until you get to the table and chairs then turn left and go down the stairs. Turn right and go down three steps then stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Step down and go forward and then turn left. Proceed to the stairs and go down to the first landing. Turn to the right and go down two more steps. Wait there. 
VLzqgDo317F Go down the stairs to the landing. Go down three stairs on your right, and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the foot of the bed and out of the room.  Turn left walk down the hallway past the stairs.  After passing the stairs, stop in front of the doorway to the bedroom on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk to the other end of the hallway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs and stop in the doorway on the right. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Go down the stairs and turn left at the pool.  Go up the the stairs and stop on the third step from the bottom. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk down the stairs. Turn left and go inside using the glass sliding doors. Go up the steps on the left. Go up two steps and then stop. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Continue downstairs and walk past the kitchen island and dining table.  Wait on the set of stairs to the right of the television. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the restroom and take an immediate left past the water cooler and the double glass doors.  Head into the beauty spa store directly on the left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the restroom and turn ninety degrees to the left. Continue forward and go through the double glass doors ahead of you and slightly to the right.Walk through a ninety degree arc to the left and enter through the glass door labeled "Nerolie Shop". 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the massage room and turn left. Walk past the desk and through the glass doors and turn left. Stop in front of the desk. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the sculpture on the end table and across the hall. Step onto the rug and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the hallway and across the corridor. Stop in the living room and wait near the sofa. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right and walk down the hall and enter the living room. Wait near the 2 chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go up the steps then turn slightly right and wait near the desk. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go up the left flight of stairs. Go to the black office chair. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk with the table on your right, up the stairs and to the right of the desk, in front of the glass conference room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go toward the three lounge chairs and take a left after the wall with glass and frosted glass. Go down the hall past the wall sculpture and wait in the doorway between the two paintings. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight until you see three lounge chairs. Turn left and go straight until you pass a room with a large square design on the floor. Go out the door on the far left and wait at the entrance. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk around the hollow square wall and to the left. Walk down the hall wand into the doorway between the paintings. Stop in the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go inside. Turn right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn right and go inside. Walk straight  past the black benches one on each side. Turn right. Walk toward the stairs on the right and wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go forward and turn right to enter the house. Go through the rug and pass the bench. Take the right branch of the round marble table and go forward. After passing coat room, stop around the stairs. Wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Turn right and walk toward the round table. Wait near the round table. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the left door out of the bathroom and turn left. walk into the kitchen and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop in front of the table with the plant. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go into the hall and past the dining table. Stop in the entryway near the back doors. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk through the en suite bathroom to the closet. Wait in the closet. 
p5wJjkQkbXX walk forward then at the door turn right then walk forward again the you will stop at the dressing room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk forward, and turn right towards the bathroom. Keep walking forward passing the sinks on your left. Walk all the way forward towards another room that has the glass chess drawers, and stop in front of that. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room. Go straight into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and head strait across the corridor to the room to the room on the far right. Wait near the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the massage room and walk across the hall through the door between the paintings on the right. Stop just inside the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Head up the stairway. Make a left on the landing after you have finished going up stairs. You'll see a walkway lined with a wooden railing. Continue down the landing path. End right before the ball catcher and the end of the walkway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go upstairs, and take a left. Go down the walkway. Stop after you pass the banister. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go up the stairs. Turn left and then wait near the entrance of that room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to a blue and white painting on the right wall. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past the stove into the kitchen and turn left into the hallway. Turn right and walk down the hallway. Stop by the painting on the left. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past stove. Go through doorway. Turn left. Turn right and go past bedroom. Continue down hallway. Stop in hall near painting. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom, make a hard left and stop in the bathroom near the partition. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom. Go through the first door on the left and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward and leave the bathroom. Take a left in the main room, and enter the room on the immediate left. Stop in front of the wooden screen. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go past the fireplace, make a left and go through the doors. Make a right turn under the deer head and go straight to the open door. Stand in the doorway to women's bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the fireplace then turn left. Turn right and then go straight into the room ahead. WAit there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go into the dining hall. Enter the room with the buck head above the doorway. Go straight into the women's restroom. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk into the bedroom and through the door on the right. Stop in front of the sink. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Enter the house. Go past the bed and go into the room on the right. Wait near the sinks. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go inside and walk past the foot of the bed.  Take right before exiting the bedroom and walk past a closet into a bathroom.  Step on the red carpet and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room. Turn right and go straight down the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Go past the bed and turn left into the second room on the left. Wait there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go into the hallway and go right.  Go into the first door on the right and into the bedroom.  Walk past the foot of the bed and through the door on the left.  Stop in front of the sink and mirror in the bathroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn right into the bedroom. Walk past the desk and chair  and turn left into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit massage room and turn left. Walk towards the pool and walk through the door way to the left of the pool.  Stop near the plant in the hallway. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the door to the left of the pool. Stop next to the tall plant between two doorways. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and face open door. Head forward and stop at exit. Turn left. Go forward and follow the wall until you reach the plant. Stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the sink and into the hallway.  Turn left and walk into the first bedroom.  Go to the right side of the bed and stop in front of the nightstand on the corner of the carpet. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go into the room. Wait near the bed. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out into the hallway, turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop after entering the door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Head toward the room with the white couch.  Go left toward the kitchen and then to the front door.  Turn left down the hall and stop in front of the stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room and head right down the hallway towards the front door. From the front door, turn left and stop at the top of the stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go through the doorway and passed the other doorways. Go behind the couch and the grey chairs. Go to the entryway with the rug and turn left. Stop to the left of the stairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room into the hallway. Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left in the break room with the lockers and stop there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Take a right through the doorway, and walk down the hall. Stop right before the exit sign, and take a left. Stop between the sink and the lockers. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room you are in now, and turn right.  You will be looking down a long hallway with white floors.  Walk forward until you reach the end of the room you were just in, and the first intersecting hallway.  You'll see a sink station on the left.  Turn left and walk forward until you are in the middle of the hallway standing in front of the sink. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the closet and through the bathroom. Turn left and walk down the hallway past the fireplace. Turn right past the plants and stop by the chair. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn to the right, and walk through the open door into the bathroom.  Once in the bathroom proceed forward into the hallway, you'll walk past the black bathroom sink.  In the hallway turn left and walk all the way down to the end of the hallway where there is a flower vase on a table.  To your right will be open double doors leading to a bedroom.  Turn to the right and enter the bedroom.  Once in the bedroom walk to the white doors on the left of the room and stop there. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom and turn left. Head straight down the hallway, then enter the bedroom on the right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk along the kitchen counter, then turn right, proceed past the arched windows. Wait by the buffet. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk past the counter with the sink, and take a right. Go straight and stop next to the midle chair at the dining table. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk past the dish washer and stove and turn right. Walk to next to the table and chairs and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Take a right after the stairs, and turn left at your first door on the right. Stop in front of the shower doors. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn left past the stairs and go down the hallway. Turn right into the bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge From the stairs enter the hallway and go left. Take the first door on the right and stop in the bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk straight past the bathtub, turn right, and exit the room out of the wooden door.  Stay right and continue past the billiard table.  Enter the doorway just beyond the wooden chair on the right.  Wait here. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk towards the bed, and out the door directly across from it. Walk towards the stairs, and stop directly in front of the chair across from the stairs. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk to the bed and turn right to exit the room. Walk to the front of the stairs and turn around. Go beside the chair to the left and stop in front of the bathroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL With the stairs leading downwards behind you, enter the room and turn ninety degrees to the right. Move forward and then continue to the left. Pass by the curtained divider on your left and the bed on your left until you have to take a step upwards, leaving the purple floor and standing on a light grey floor of a bathing area. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk to the other end of the room and wait in the bathroom, next to the tub. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go into the bedroom and to the right of the yellow lounge chairs, go through the room to the right of the yellow lounge chairs and continue to the right of the bed and passed the bed, take a step up into the bathroom and then stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk up the steps and turn right. Walk through the entryway and into the hallway. Stop in front of the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go up the steps, turn right and wait outside the bathroom door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go up the little stairs and to the right. Follow the hallway and stop in front of the sink. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go around the bed and into the doorway on the left. Walk through the hall and into the first door on the left. Stop near the beds. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the massage room, enter the room with the square pattern on the floor and make a left into the leftmost doorway, take a few steps into the other massage room and then stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A exit the bedroom, go into the room on the left side, and then stop at the left side of the room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the building and past the couch. Walk across the room and out the door. Turn right and walk into the room. Stop behind the brown chair on the right. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Take a walk through the bedroom and onto the other veranda where you will find the office area. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go the right and enter the bedroom. Go passed the bed to the door on the other side. Go outside and turn left to enter the office. Stop here. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the small utility door and turn left. Walk left down the hallway and through the first door on the right. Stop just inside the hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go straight and turn left. Go towards the grey carpeted area and turn left. Go down the hall and go through the door on the right. Then stop near the tubes. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the door to your right, and turn left and go around the corner down the hallway. Go through the right door at the end of the hall and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out of the building and turn right. Stop just outside the doorway on the patio. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the kitchen and wait on the lower deck, outside the screen patio. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the kitchen through the exterior door and turn right, then walk through the screen doorway. Wait on the deck by the screened wall and railing. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the kitchen through the doorway to your left. Walk foward to the table. Turn left, walk forward a few steps and take another left into the bathroom with a red wall. Wait by the white shuttered doors. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ With the refrigerator to your left and the over behind you, exit the kitchen through the opening ahead of you and to the right. Once out of the kitchen, turn left and go forward until you can turn left again, to enter the hallway leading to the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk through the doorway, to the left of the table. Turn into the doorway, direclly left of the originally doorway you walked through. Stop immediatly as you walk through the doorway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the stairs and download hall. Stop near the alcove that leads outdoors. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn hard right and walk toward the stained glass doors. Pass the stairs to proceed down the hall to the balcony. Wait by the railing. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hall that curves left. Stop by the flower painting. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn left at the coffee table, and walk towards the end off the hallway. There will be entryways on either side of you, ignore them and continue going straight. When you move forward once again you will come to a wall to your left and an option to turn right. Ignore the hallway to turn right and continue going straight. You will enter a doorway and there will be a coffee table to your right. Continue towards the stairs. Your final destination is at the foot of the steps. 
ULsKaCPVFJR From the entrance go left down the hallway, straight until stopping at the base of the stairwell. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the hall past the double doors. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the large glass doors, turn left and walk past the left side of the furniture, and turn left around the corner to stop by the doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk into the house and turn left. Walk past the couches and stop in the entryway on the left. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Enter the house and follow the left wall until you get to a junction of doorways. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk up the small set of stairs in the living room.  Stay left and enter the door to your left.  Turn left down the hallway and enter the room.  Wait beside the white lamp. 
sT4fr6TAbpF To forward up the stairs and take a left through the hallway, take another left, keep going until you are in the bedroom and stop as you soon as you get to the television. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight of the steps and through the door on your left. Turn left down the hallway and stop once you reach the foot of the bed in the bedroom. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o walk past the fireplace to your left and enter the next room through the open door. Walk past the long white table on your right and stand in hallway on the next room. Stand next to the water fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go to the right passed the table and enter the doorway. Turn right and go towards the tiled room. Turn right and go through the large door. Stop in the hallway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the dining table and take the door to the right of the houseplant.  Take a right and wait by the area with a water fountain and three paintings. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk right past the television walk past the table and chairs and turn left. Stop by the oil heater. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Make a left at the end of the bar and go into the sitting area, then leave the area and make a left. Now go into the room with the television and wait. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to your right passed the tv and the white coffee table. Then turn left and stop in the library next to the blue vase. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Head left towards the bed. Wait inside the doorway to the bathroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk past the bed and to the right. Stop in the bathroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk past the bed towards the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk along the stairway upstairs with the stairway on your left. Past the picture of the waterfall scene on your right.Continue down the pathway with the stairway to your left. Do not go down the stairs. Instead, enter into the room to the left with the round foot rest, two sitting chairs and a white loveseat sofa. Stop once you enter the room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk through the room and past the railing and turn left. Walk through the double doorway and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and go passed the large painting on the wall.  Go through the door on the left and stop by the white couch. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go to the left of the island and exit the entryway near the stove. Then follow the hallway to the right and continue passed the dining room and stop in the entryway of the house. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Enter into the kitchen area and make a left into the doorway out of the kitchen. Make a right once you exit the kitchen and walk down toward the dining area with the wood floors. Walk around the dining room table and veer toward the left. You'll see the entry way. Stop in the entry way on the wood floor. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk into the kitchen and past the counters. Exit it and walk down the hall with paintings into the living room. Pass the table and walk underneath the chandelier in front of the door. Stop in front of the door. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go through the one open door in the room that leads to other rooms in the house.  When you exit that doorway, so across the hallway through the open brown wooden door that leads to a room with two large carpets.  Walk through the room, across the first carpet and across to the doors on the other side of the white table.  Open the doors to outside and step just to the other side of the doorway that looks outside to a patio.  Stop there. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go straight through both sets of doors and into the big room with the table in the middle. Go around the left of the table and stop at the door in the back of the room. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the two white classdoors, and then continue to walk through the class brown doors. Walk pas the table with the vase in it, and stop to the right of the white chair. 
EDJbREhghzL With the large mirror to your right, walk down the hallway toward the large flower bouquet on the end table.  When you are close to the flowers, turn to the left slightly and walk to the area in front of the staircase.  Turn so the stairs are to your back, and walk forward entering the kitchen to the right of the black topped island.  Stop when you get to the corner of the island, beside the painting of a mountain and lake. 
EDJbREhghzL Face the mirror hanging on the wall and turn left. Walk towards the stair case and turn right. Walk into the kitchen area and stop next to the counter. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the fireplace and the chair. Walk past the staircase and turn right into the kitchen. Stop just inside the kitchen. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the bathroom then walk out of the second room. Turn left and enter the room right in front of you. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then exit the next room with two white lounge chairs. Then turn left and go into the room of the corner door. Stop just inside, next to the screened area. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room. Continue going straight and exit the next room too. Turn left and then turn left again into the second room on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the other end of the room past the entire table.   Take a right turn to exit the room.  Walk towards the left heading towards the giant green vase.  Enter the doorway with the words to the left wall of it of "#downtown".  Stop inside the room when you reach the first pipe going up the wall to your right. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past table, turn right, and exit room. Turn left and go through doorway. Stop in front of chairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and go passed the table. Go out the entryway and turn right. At the hallway go passed the large vase and enter the #downtown room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk toward the staircase and turn right. Walk through the room and right past the chairs. Stop in the hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the intersection towards the staircase, make a right and go straight passed the two chairs on the right, make another right into the intersection and stop in the middle of the intersection. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go to your right and then enter the door. Turn right again and follow the wall all the way to the doorway on the far right. Then turn right and stop in the hallway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go down the path in between the minibar and piano and go up the steps. Head straight past the shelves and stop in front of the door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go left between the piano and the wall, turn left, and go to the door straight ahead. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the piano and left down the hall to the left of the shelf. Stop just inside the entryway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left, go into the bedroom, go left again, take the doorway on the right, pass the glass doors of the shower and to the left, stop at the doorway to the toilet. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the closet and walk across the bedroom. Enter the en suite bathroom and stop in the area outside the door to the toilet. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the closet and turn left, then walk around the bedroom heading to the bathroom in the corner. Enter and go through the bathroom to the door in front of the toilet. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go straight through the opening.  Turn slightly to the left.  Move straight through opening.  Go straight to bedroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Enter the building and promptly turn left, pass the appliances and walk into the bedroom. Wait by the bed. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk through the doorway to your left, and take a left through the doorway right after the first chair. Walk through the doorway that leads to the room with the red bed, and stop in front of the bed. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go the right and down the stair case. go to the next stair case and go up it. Stop at the landing. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down one set of stairs.  When you reach the stair landing continue straight, and turn right to walk up the stairs.  Enter the next room.  Wait by the door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk to the top of the stairs and stop. Walk down the stairs and up the set of stairs past the metal gate. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the bathroom, cross the room passed the black doors on the right and then go to the right, passed the room with white counters in it, then go to the spot between the glass wall and the third counter chair. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the bathroom. Go straight and slightly right to continue down the hallway. Wait near the bar with the stools/chairs. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the bathroom and go to the table. Stop near the television. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight down the path passing the first door into the living room area. Go through the living room and stop at the door to the balcony. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go through the doorway at the end of the hall, turn left and go passed the green couch. Go to the right of the tv and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go down the hall. Walk toward the green sofa. Go past the sofa and wait beside the door on the right of the purple wall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go down the stairs and then go to your left, walk into the room and turn right. Stop next to the kitchen island. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go down the stairs. Enter the hall on the left. Wait beside the counter on the right. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the stairs, and enter the door on the left.  Turn right, and wait by the end of the counter top. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and turn left. Walk toward the pool. Stop between the pool and treadmill. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and leave the room. Turn left at the exercise bikes. Keep walking and stop in front of the pool. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the massage room, and take a left. Stop next to the brown door to the left of the lounge chairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the kitchen by veering left at the pillar, pass the dining table, then stay to the left and walk down the first set of stairs. Immediately turn left and walk to the stairs, then wait on the first stair on the left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk straight and go around the left of the table and chairs. Go straight through the left entryway toward the chair on the wall. Go left down the hallway, and turn left on the stairs before stopping. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Take a slight right, and walk towards the round table with white chairs. Walk through the hallway to the left, towards the white chair. Walk towards the stairs, and stop on the first stairs step on your left. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hallway, with the pictures on the right. Stop right after you pass through the open door frame. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk straight past the painting of Einstein into the corridor.  Continue straight until you reach the bedroom door.  Wait here. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hall and stop just inside the bedroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go down the hallway to the right and stop once you reach the doorway at the end. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the bedroom, and turn right before you reach the staircase. Walk down the black corridor to the room straight ahead. Wait in the doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk right past the stairs. Stop in the entryway at the end of the hall. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk up the wooden stairs to the landing with a white vase on it.  Turn right and walk up the stairs into the kitchen. Walk forward until you are in front of the kitchen island with chairs.  Turn right and walk straight until you get to the first chair with three black and white striped pillows on it.  Stop there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Proceed up the stairs, then turn right at the kitchen counter. Pass through the entryway onto the patio. Wait by the lounge seat. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go up the stairs and turn left from the kitchen, stopping once reaching the balcony. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go through the open door into the building and go across the room to the drinking fountain. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o After you walk into the building make a slight left past the benches, and wait in front of the water fountain in the hallway of the restrooms. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Enter the building. Wait beneath the sign that says RESTROOM. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the hallway with the tapestry behind you.  Turn left just after passing the small Christmas tree and enter the bedroom just before the staircase.  Stop in the doorway of this bedroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the hall and stop in the doorway next to the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the hall past the fire extinguisher and turn left. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom on the left. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down the first flight of stairs and turn right. Go down 2 steps and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Go down the stairs, at the first landing go to the right and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Go down the stairs to the first landing. Turn right and go down three more steps. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go to the right of the island and turn left. Keep going and turn right and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk to the front of the refrigerator and turn, walking between the counter and table to get to the doorway. Stop near the thermostat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go through the kitchen and turn left, stopping at the corner of the kitchen with the minibar and dining table ahead. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the kitchen toward the left, then turn right and wait in the doorway on the right by the appliances. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn left, and walk forward, and enter the room next to the refrigerator. Walk and turn right towards the laundry room, and stop there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go through the doorway and turn left. Go through the next doorway to the left of the refrigerator. Turn right and enter the laundry room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk straight through the door and continue straight through the next door, stopping in the room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit room and go through doorway straight ahead. Stop in front of bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room with the water heater. Walk straight across the open area and into the bedroom. Stop at the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room. Turn left on the second door and wait near the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room and turn left. Enter the doorway with a yellow pot beside it. Stop near the foot of the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight through the doors and turn left and enter the room. Stop in front of the bed. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall past the stairs and turn right. Stop by the kitchen island. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom, and immediately turn right. Walk past the stairs, into the kitchen straight ahead.  Once inside, wait at the end of the counter top. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bathroom go past the stairs. Go into the room and stop by the counter. 
B6ByNegPMKs Take a left, and start walking towards the exit sign. Take a left, and walk through the first doorway on your right. Walk towards the middle of the room and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn left at the exit sign and enter the next room on the right. Stop here. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go left down the hallway and into the first door on the left. Stop just inside the door. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Enter the kitchen and immediately turn left, then right. Walk to the stair landing and wait by the painting. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Take a left in the kitchen, and pass the refirgerator on your left. Walk towards the stairs, and stop right at the top. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go straight and turn left passed the fridge. Take the next right and go to where the stairs start. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go passed the bed and into the hallway. Then go behind the blue couch and turn left. Stop next to the ottoman. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go right and walk through the door to the left of the bathroom. Go across the living room, and stop at the rug by the ottoman. 
PX4nDJXEHrG After you leave the bedroom walk through the sitting area and to the sitting area with the grey carpet and wait. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the shower and walk through the door to the right of the sink. Turn left and then left again at the pool table. Wait in the doorway to the bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom. Turn left, turn left again past the pool table and go through the doorway into the bedroom and stop. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and pass the chairs. Walk to the arcade and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the rocking chairs and into the house. Go through hall and stop in front of the bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the rocking chairs and go through the doorway on the right. Turn right, walk past the wash and dryer, and wait. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk in front of the rocking chairs, turn right at the end of the rocking chairs, and go inside. Go Straight inside and take the first right and walk into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit massage room, then go straight into the hall towards the three silver hangings, go passed the hangings and go into the archway on the right of the two archways and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and proceed through the corridor and hall way. Pass through the room and wait in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn right and leave the room. Walk past the carpet into the hallway ahead. Keep walking to the end of the hallway and turn left. Walk into the room and then turn right. Walk across the room. Stop inside the ladies bathroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom from the left door. Turn right, and keep walking forward. Pass two picture frames on the right wall, and the American flag at the left corner. Stop next to the the big cushioned chair. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn and walk out the door to the left of the bed. Turn right and walk along the walkway. At the end of the walkway make a slight left and take two step into the study. Stop right there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn left and then turn right. Follow the hall and stop just after the American flag. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room into the corridor, then enter the third door on the right and wait by the massage table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk through the bathroom door. Walk through the foyer and go into the room to the right of the three panel artwork. Step into the room near the massage chair. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room you are in and enter the larger room with the square mosaic on the floor.  Face the wall on your right and go through the doorway to the room on the left.  Walk to the bed and stop near the foot. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk towards the kitchen counter and take a right. Stop in front of the second pillar on your left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go towards the counter with chairs, make a right and go through the archway, go passed the the piano to the right and stop near the dining room table. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go passed the bar and turn right and go through the archway. Go by the piano and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom. Take the door on the right to exit the bedroom. Go across the hall. Enter on the left and stop beside the recliner. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom, and enter the bedroom. Pass the bedroom, and turn right to exit the door. Keep walking forward, and turn left entering the living room, and stop there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and go through the door, walk past the bed and make a hard right and then a slight left into the living room area, stop at the opening to it. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs to your right and stop once you reach the bottom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the stairs, then wait on the third stair from the landing on the far side of the hand rail. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right and head down the stairs. Turn left at the landing and continue down the stairs until you reach the next landing. Wait by the white railing at the center of the landing. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the men's bathroom. Enter the ladies bathroom and wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Turn left and then turn left into the bathroom next door. Wait at the entrance. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and walk towards the large mirror. Once you reach the mirror, turn left and exit the room. Walk across the hallway past the water fountain and turn left into the next bathroom and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Face the staircase.  Walk up two sets of stairs.  Wait at the top of stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the bathroom and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the staircase in front of the railing. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn left and go up to the top of the staircase. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit room. Walk towards doorway past the set of stairs. Go through the doorway and turn left. Wait in front of the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk out of the wine cellar into the room with the large round table in the middle.  Keep the table on the right and walk down the hallway past the staircase that will be on your left.  Walk towards the yellow and red curtains and turn left when you reach the intersecting hallway.  Turn left and walk forward towards the office with the large wooden desk.  Stop before you enter the office in front of the open door in your right, and the sink on your left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the wine cellar and straight passed the brown table on the right, keep left of the room division and go passed the stairs on the left and go through the small archway, make a left and stop at the sink. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk inside and turn left immediately. Keep walking straight towards the room in front of you. Enter inside, and stop at the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Enter the home from the side door then go down the hallway straight into the next room, stopping before reaching the door on the left to the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go Inside through the open door, and immediately turn left.  Continue forward through the hallway, and enter the room straight ahead.  Wait beside the table and giant clock. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go left and go through the right doorway and into the bedroom straight across. Stop once you are in the room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go towards the picture at the end of the hall with the brown frame, make a right and go straight and step onto the white carpet and then stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Face the bathroom and turn left. Go straight and take the first door way on the right. Pass the stairs on the left and walk through the doorway. Stop beside the door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn right and pass the two rocking chairs. Turn right into the house and wait near the coffee table. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk in front of the chairs and under the ceiling fan and walk through the front door of the building.  Walk through the room to the door on the opposite side in the 11 o'clock position.  Stop a few feet in front of this back door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and go passed the rocker, turn right and go to the doorway on the right. Go to the back door and stop by the table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk towards the stair case, and continue walking till you reach the doorway directly left the vase with the flowers on it. Stop right under the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight toward the stairs then turn right. After you pass the stairs turn sharp left. Turn right and go into the double doors. Wait at the entrance. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Head towards the staircase and turn right. Go past the stairs.  Stop at the archway by the vase. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk behind the chair and past the end table in the hallway. Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop in front of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk right towards the open corner, and exit. Walk forward passing the dining table on the right, and kitchen on the left. Turn right where the picture frame is placed on the wall on the left hand side, and stop there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit through the doorway on the right. Walk down the hall. Turn right and wait in front of the restroom door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the bathroom and out the door, take a right turn through the other open door and stop at your destination. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit bathroom and turn right. Stop in doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM After you leave the bathroom take a right and wait in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go down the hallway and stop right after the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall and into the room past the exit sign and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through the hallway toward the exit sign. Proceed through the doorway and wait by the door. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Stand so the bookshelves are behind you.  Exit the sitting room via the door on the opposite wall that leads into a dining area.  Walk to the right of the dining table and towards the front door.  Stop just before passing through this door with the hat rack on your left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk out of the sitting area and turn right. Wait just inside the front entrance. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the archway on the right, go to the right side of the black table, cross the room and step near the wooden door with the slats and then stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the round table and chairs and go up the stairs on the right.  On the landing, keep going straight rather than going up the rest of the stairs on the right and go into the doorway of the room with a fireplace and chairs in it.  Stop in the doorway of this room. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and walk straight passed the chairs until you reach the stairs on your right. Walk up to the top of the stairs and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T walk straight then turn right, go up the small stair then enter the living room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk forward passing the TV on the left. Exit out the door, and enter another door straight in front inside a bedroom. Walk forward passing the bed, and turn left towards the bathroom door, and stop there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the room through the doorway on the left, go straight into the bedroom, go around the bed, and step into the doorway to the left of the oval mirror and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk across the tv into the hall. Turn left in the hall. Walk past the bed and stop in the door way near the mirror. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn right, and walk forward. Pass the bed on the right, and walk forward towards the right door entrance. Enter the room, and stop there. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hallway to your right and move past the bed. Walk through the door  on the right of the painting of thr girl and wait there. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go down the hallway on your left and into the bedroom. Go through the door on the right and stop before the stairs on your right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the dining room, toward the partition, then veer right and wait in the exterior doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF With the horse statue on the table behind you, walk around the dining table on the left side and past the screen.  Walk to the open front door and stop in the doorway going outside. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the dining room table,and through the walkway. Stop when you reach the double doors that lead outside. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the small room and turn left. Walk out of that room and into the second doorway on the left and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the wash room, promptly turn left and proceed through the doorway. Walk through the corridor to the second room on the left and wait in the doorway. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk towards the massage tables and exit the room. Walk towards the second door on the left, and then stop in the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Position yourself so the windows are on your left and walk straight past the front door, columns, and stairs.  Enter into the larger room with a circular couch around a fireplace.  Stop at the end of the couch closest to tree in the pot on the left of the fireplace. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk forward with the door on your left. Stop next to the couch once you enter the dining area. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight down the hall and stop at the tan couch. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the laundry room and exit the room, make a right and step into the dining room and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Pass the sink and go to the right. Enter the next room and turn right again and stop in front of the table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the sink and out the door on your right.  Go into the doorway to the room to the right and stop once you have stepped into the dining room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the office and go straight. Go down two stairs and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Move forward through the room. Exit through the door to the left. Go all the way down the hallway, head down two stairs and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go straight between the two table lamps and counter with flower pot.  Turn left, and walk through the leftmost doorway.  Continue straight down the corridor until you reach the staircase.  Wait near the top of the railing. 
VLzqgDo317F Facing the circle mirror on the wall go left through the double brown doors, make a right and go just passed the roped off area and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down the red carpet that passes the mirror on the right. Take a left when you pass through the doorway, and continue to walk on the carpet and stop in front of the pillar. 
VLzqgDo317F With the fireplace on your right, walk down the red carpet toward the two oval backed chairs.  When you get to the corner turn right and walk to the area where another red carpet intersects.  Stop in the middle of that red carpet.  There is a small square red carpet next to you there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Orient yourself to be parallel to the grain on the wooden floor and such that you see a doorway directly ahead of you, a bathroom ahead and to the right, and a double doorway ahead and to the left. Go though the double doorway ahead of you and to the left. Once you enter the room, go left behind the couch and continue straight with the sliding glass doors to your left. Stop once you reach the kitchen area. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go towards the single chandelier in view and then through the white double doors, make a left before the white couch, go straight through the room with the glass sliding doors on the left, go towards the kitchen area, and stop at the counter with the three counter chairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left, and enter inside the door towards the living room. Turn left passing the sofa, and keep walking forward passing the glass table as well, and stop in front of the first kitchen counter. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and pass the tree. Go to the stairs and stop on the first landing. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the room and head towards the stairs on the right, go up a few steps onto the level and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk through the doorway. When you get to the stairs go up to the third stair and stop there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Move forward towards the mirror, turn left and head down the hallway. In front of you will be two doorways side by side. Enter the doorway on the right which is the bathroom. Wait in that doorway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go straight. Turn left and go straight. Turn right and then go into the second door on the left. Wait near the sink. 
ULsKaCPVFJR head indoors, turn left, walk to the open door ahead, then turn right and stop at the bathroom entrance. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards the white bookshelf. Turn left at the white bookshelf. Stop in between the two tables. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go and stand in the doorway of the room next to the long wooden table that is empty aside from one plant. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right and walk past the ping pong table. Turn a slight left and move forward to the white bookcase Turn left at the bookcase, walk a few steps and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn to the inside of the house. Walk to the short marble column. Turn right. Walk towards the mirror. Turn left at doorway. Turn right at first door. Stop at doorway to bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go into the big room towards the table and then to the right, at the circle table turn right and go towards the tall mirror, make a left and go into the archway and then turn right into the grey doorway and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn slightly to the left, then head that way before turning hard right followed by a slight left until you've made it to the very first room on the right then stop at the doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk straight, continue past the table and then make a right turn before making a slight left turn around the table before stopping near the large open glass sliding door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the kitchen area and to the left of the dining table, then go right around the circle table near the front sliding doors, then when you are near the white couch stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the dining area and turn right to walk between the dining area and the decorative table. Then walk past the decorative table and take a left. Stop at the far end of the sliding door. 
r47D5H71a5s Go left between the pool and the chairs and stop once you reach the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the bed and pool and stop in front of the wooden door to the left of the diamond mirror on the wall at the end of the pool. 
r47D5H71a5s Wait at the other end of the pool. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom through the doorway on the left, make a left and straight and through the doorway straight through the room, step near the sink and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the room, and take a left. Go forward through the kitchen . Enter the pantry, and stop in front of the dishwasher. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom into the hall and turn left. Walk through the kitchen and enter the door next to the grey chair against the wall. Stop in front of the dishwasher. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and go to the left. Enter the doorway to outside and pass the rockers. At the bottom of the stairs stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Looking at the washer and dryer, turn to the right and walk out of the short hallway through the open door.  As soon as possible, turn right and walk through the door that leads outside from the bedroom.  Once outside, turn right and walk past the two blue rocking chairs.  Walk down the three wooden stairs and stop on the landing. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk through the doorway to the right of the stacked washer and dryer. Turn left and exit the house, then turn left and pass the two rocking chairs. Go down four steps and stop on the deck. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go indoors. Go straight toward the fireplace. When you get to the fireplace turn left. Wait in that hallway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Enter the building and walk through the dining room. Walk past the flat screen on the left and enter the hallway. Wait near the phone. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Enter the building.  Walk next to the bar and the wall with the television hanging on it.  The bar and the television will be on your left as you walk.  Take the first door on your left and stop in front of the bathroom door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Veer right of the Pool Table and then walk down the stairs. Wait on the landing by the baluster. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk to the right of the pool table. Turn right and go to the top of the stairs. Go down the staircase. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go to the right passed the pool table and to the stairs on the left. Go down the stairs and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet, turn right and walk through the doorway. Then turn left into the hallway and an immediate left to enter the living room. Wait on the rug by the console table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the closet, go through the door to the right and into the hall. Turn left and go in the large entry. Stop on the rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the closet and turn right. Make a sharp left turn around the corner into the living room and stop on the red patterned carpet. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit room through the middle double doors.  Walk across room and take the first door on the left. Continue straight through hallway stop on rug inside door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room through the double doors, pass through the corridor and enter the hallway to the far left. Proceed through the hallway. Wait by the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn left and exit the room out the wood doors. Go across the next room and enter the door to the far left. Walk forward and stop when you reach the large rug. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom, and make a left.  Walk down the hall and take the first doorway on your left.  You will be in an empty room with brown carpet.  Stop in that doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait in the doorway of the empty room on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right and go out the door. Turn left and pass the rug in the hallway. Turn left and wait at the entrance. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and turn left through the door. Continue until the next room and then stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left into the doorway. Walk straight down the hallway and go into doorway straight ahead and stop in doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and go left into the closet. Wait near the belts. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go through the left entryway and to the leftmost door. Go straight and stop between the two beds. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Take a right before the double doors that lead outside. Once through the doorway, walk through the second doorway directly to the left. Continue to walk straight through the doorway, into the room...stop when you are standing directly in the middle and in front of the two beds. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward into the bedroom with 2 beds and wait. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk out the doorway, the one closest to the bed. Walk straight down the hallway, past the stairs and walk in the first room on the right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom and go straight the room through the archway and then at the first doorway to the right go into the doorway on the right and take two steps in and then stop. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and head down the hallway. Pass the couch on the left and head down the hallway. Turn right on the first door and wait near the entrance. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the hall. Stop outside of the second door on your right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the hallway on the carpet and keep going straight after the carpet ends.  Stop in front of the last door on the left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right and walk down the hallway with the carpet. Continue walking past the first doorway. Stop in front of the doorway with double doors. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Enter through the sliding glass door, turn right, walk past the bed and then turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk into the bedroom, and go into the bathroom on the right. Stop in front of the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk inside into the bedroom and turn right.  Walk past the foot of the bed and enter the bathroom on the right.  Enter the bathroom and stop in front of the sink and mirror. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ With the refrigerator behind you, walk into the room next to the kitchen and stop near the door on the right near the table and chairs with a horse statue on it. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn right and exit the kitchen.  Enter the dining room and stand by the table. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the archway opposite the silver fridge, go passed the television to the left and step near the circle table and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the bedroom, then turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk towards the open door to the bedroom and exit the room.  Walk down the hallway until you reach the open bathroom door on your right.  Turn right and take twp steps into the bathroom.  Stop there, you should be in front of the first sink in the bathroom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go forward and make a right through the open doorway. Continue straight down the hall and make a right into the restroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around and walk past the stairs and down the hallway slightly to the left. Keep walking all the way down the hallway until you enter the bedroom on the end and stop once you enter. 
EDJbREhghzL Head in the direction of the stairs leading upwards and pass by them with the stairs on your right. Move past the wooden door to your right, the mirrored doors on your right, and then turn right down the narrow corridor. Continue down the corridor past the fireplace on your right and through the door opening directly ahead of you into the bedroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Go left passed the stairs and down the long hallway until you reach the bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out of the bedroom. go down the hallway past the stairs and bathroom. Stop in the second bathrooms doorway on your right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the bedroom and stop in the bathroom at the far end of the hall. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom, go straight down the hallway, make a right into the doorway of the bathroom and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk towards the television hanging on the wall. Stop on the left side of the television near the door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk along the kitchen counter to its end, then turn right. Walk through the living room by passing the sofa, to the furthest left sliding glass door. Wait in the doorway by the chair. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go to the left of the counter with the sink on it, go towards the dark grey couch, go around the couch to the left of it, and step into the left opening to the outside area and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn right at the first doorway and stop near the kitchen counter. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go left, and then through the hallway and out the door, making a hard right and then another hard right before stopping in the kitchen. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the bathroom and walk down the hallway. Make a right turn after going through the door  Make another right into the kitchen and wait there in the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and go through the door. Follow the hallway and at the first door turn left and go to the top of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit bedroom, walk down hallway, turn left at door, walk to stairs and wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk out the door and down the hallway, and continue walking towards the stairs. Stop in front of the all white stairs post. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit bedrooms.Go straight down hallway. Turn left and stop and the top of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the bedroom and past the railing. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left until you're facing the closet.  Walk to the open door.  Walk through the door, go down the hallway and take a left at the top of the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the room into the kitchen and turn left. Then turn right and wait near the bar stool. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk into the kitchen, and go left. Take a right, and stop next to the first bar stool. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and exit the exercise room and turn left. Turn right when you get to the stove and wait near the 2 chairs at the counter. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go right until you hit a wall then go left and take a hard right into the bedroom then go into the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and go through the left and go straight through passed the bed and stop in the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left. Turn right and go into the room. Go straight until you go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and go to the right. Enter the glass doors and then go forward and go the extreme left and stop right before meeting the tiled area. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around and leave the room.  Then turn right and go through the doors.  Walk down the hall, past the divider, then turn left.  Proceed forward until you enter the lobby. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room, turn right and walk through the glass doorway, continue down the corridor pass the partition and turn left. Proceed to the end of the hallway, then wait by the wall art on the right. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn left and walk toward the three chairs. Wait there. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk past the altar and stop by the three seats. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Cross the room with the table to the left, go near the three chairs across the room and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go opposite the outside area into the living room and straight through, up the stairs, turn left towards the doorway and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF With your back facing the window, walk straight past the tv (on your left) and sofas (on your right). Walk up the two steps and your destination will be the hallway entrance at the immediate left following the steps. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk to the far end of the room and stop at the top of the steps. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the closet then turn right. Exit the room then turn left. Go straight until you get to stairs on your right. Go up  three steps then stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk out of the closet and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right at the stair case and walk up to the third step and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the closet, make a right and go through the doorway, make a left and go down the hallway, get to the steps on the right, take a few steps up and then stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom and turn right. Pass the kitchen bar with stools/chairs and continue going straight. Go out the glass sliding door to the balcony and wait there. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom through the open doorway.  Turn right and walk into the kitchen area.  Walk past the island and continue forward until you reach the first light grey couch with three striped pillows on it.  Stop about a foot away from the corner of the grey couch. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right to enter doorway to dining room. Leave dining room by first opening on the right. Walk through kitchen. Walk past the kitchen island toward balcony. Stop in front of the closest chaise on the balcony. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go down the steps and straight into the porch. Turn left and go indoors. Wait near the stove. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go into the garage like structure next to the house across the deck. Stop next to the counter on the left. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk down the stairs and across the patio into the guest house and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk forward into the hall then turn left.  Walk into office and enter the bedroom to room to your right. Then turn left and enter the bathroom.  Stand near the shower. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go into the hallway, make a left into the brown double doors, go to the right of the table and turn right into the first archway, go straight for a second and then turn left into the bathroom, go towards the bathtub, make a left and then stop between the towel rods and the shower. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk into the hallway and turn left into the office. Walk right past the bookshelves and into the bathroom. Turn left at the tub and stop in front of the shower. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go all the way down the stairs and then go down the hallway in the 11 o'clock position from the base of the stairs.  Keep walking straight until you enter a bedroom and stop after entering. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Continue down the stairs, then proceed forward down the hallway to the left of the painting on Einstein.  Walk down that short hallway and through the doorway to the bedroom. Stop one foot from the doorway in the room. 
5q7pvUzZiYa walk down the stairs then walk straight along the gallery frame then enter the room wait beside the door. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk down one flight of stairs and stop on the landing. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk between the columns and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the steps and stop on the landing. 
VLzqgDo317F walk forward then turn right at the stairs then go down the stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk through the kitchen, turn right after the column. Proceed pass the stairs and enter the bathroom. Wait near the toilet. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the kitchen, then turn ninety degrees to the right. Enter the half bath that's to the left of the stairs leading downwards. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk through the kitchen and wait near the stairs, in the bathroom. 
cV4RVeZvu5T With the wall to your left, move forward and exit the room via the door with the three panels that have a four by three grid pattern of Maltese crosses. Climb down the flight of five steps in front of you and turn ninety degrees to the left. Continue forward until you reach the entrance to the kitchen. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the room through the grey doorway on the left, go down the stairs, make a left and go straight, and stop when just in the kitchen area. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk forward toward the windows and walk left through the first door on the left. Walk forward down the steps and turn left. Stop just inside the kitchen. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards the zebra painting on the wall.  When you reach the painting turn left, and enter the narrow hallway with solid white door.  Walk forward.  Wait by mirror. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left into the second door. Turn left into the closet and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the hallway towards the white door, passing a painting of a hyena on your right.  When you get to the painting of the zebras, turn left and go through the open white doorway.  Take a few steps down that hallway and stop in the hallways at the opening to the walk-in closet across from the mirror. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs, make a left into the archway, step into the second archway and then stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs, and take a left towards the room. Stop when you are  in the middle of the doorway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Finish going up the stairs and turn left.  Keep going and stop in the doorway of the room with the bench near the table with a potted plant on it. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight until you pass the chairs on the right. Turn right and then turn left. Wait near the chandelier. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight and into the room on the right. Stop next to the light on the left. 
VLzqgDo317F Follow the red carpet forward and turn right to follow the roped off area. Turn left to walk through the double doors and wait near the fireplace. 
p5wJjkQkbXX With the stairs behind you, go forward and turn left at the corner just before the door straight ahead. Continue moving forward passing by the glass door on your right. Climb the two steps and go through the wooden door ahead of you. Stop just after entering that room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past the large mirror on the wall and turn left at the bathroom. Continue down the hallway and wait just inside the doorway to the garage. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk down the hallway and into the garage. Wait by the bench. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk straight ahead, past the chair, toward the door at the end of the hall. Turn right, take one step forward, then turn right again. Walk straight ahead, passing the doors open to the courtyard. Continue to the wall with the light switches and thermostat panel. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk down the hallway and turn right. Pass by the entry doors and wait outside of the dining room by the end of the partition. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn right. After you pass the wall with holes in it turn left. Wait near the weird looking chair. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk around the pool on the side closest to the building.  Turn right when you see an open glass door going inside and stop just before stepping into the doorway.  There will be an urn with some plants in it on your right. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go along the pool to the right of the pool and stop at the doorway to the inside. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk straight between the house and swimming pool.  Continue until you reach the glass doors leading inside.  Wait here. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn around. Go forward a few steps then turn right. Walk towards the chairs in front of you then wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Go straight then turn right and go straight until you get to the couches and the fireplace. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bedroom, and go right. Walk to the living area. Stop next to the love seat. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Finish going down the stairs and then turn left and walk down the hallway parallel to the stairs.  Start to go down the stairs in front of the animal head on the wall and stop on the first step from the top. 
5q7pvUzZiYa go down the stairs and make a sharp left, head down the hall then make another left turn, then stop on the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the stairs and turn hard left, then walk down the hall.  Then turn left and stand at the top of the stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the chair and then continue down the room, making a slight right and stopping once you're near the dresser. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk forward in the direction of the dining table. Take your second right into the TV room. Stop once you enter the room. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the sitting area and go past the right side of the dining room table past the credenza filled with knick-knacks. Stop and wait in the archway to your right under the wooden mask. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the room through the door on the right of the fireplace.  Walk straight through the dining room and leave through the door on the right.  Stop in the doorway to the kitchen. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go out the room on you right. Pass the table and chairs. Turn right and go out the room. Wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn left and exit the room.  Walk through the dining room and stand at the edge of the kitchen. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight and down the hallway on the slight left. Walk until you get to a large room with a square design on the floor. Turn left and go into the first room on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk straight across the room and out the left side. Walk down the hallway until you reach the room with the doors and turn left. Enter the door to the far left and stop once inside. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk across the room past the divider.  Continue to walk done the hall and turn left at the foyer.  Enter the massage room on the left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight through the door, turn right around the kitchen table, pass the wooden lattice and then turn left and stop in the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the door and past the dining room table and chairs and turn right. Walk past the grated wall and turn left. Stop just inside the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk into the dining room. Take a right once you pass the table. Walk straight, and take a left and enter the kitchen. Stand in the doorway to the kitchen. 
V2XKFyX4ASd At the top of the stairs, turn right and walk past the dining table and when you get to the chairs in front of the fireplace, turn right into a bedroom.  Stop at the foot of the bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk straight past the large table and chairs. As soon as you pass the small table with the two chairs turn right. Wait near the bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk towards the fireplace. Right before you reach the fireplace, turn right and enter the bedroom and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go indoors and walk towards the TV.  Walk through the door to the left of the TV. Stop inside the bathroom by the door. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go into the house and cross the rug and go into the rightmost doorway, take a step in and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the building through the sliding glass doors, walk past the bed and turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn hard right, then walk up two stairs and stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Start up the stairs and stop two steps up. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk parallel to the stairs and straight down the hallway.  When you get to the guitar, turn and go up the stairs, stopping on the second stair from the bottom. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the closet and take a right into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Go straight and take the third left. Stop in the laundry room next to the counter. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the closet through the door opposite to the mirror into the bedroom, then turn right and exit the bedroom. Turn ninety degrees to the left and continue down the corridor past the stairs to your left, then enter the laundry room to your left. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and enter the bedroom. Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait in the entryway of the laundry room on the left. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the bedroom, walk through the hallway and turn right at the stairs into the bedroom. Wait in the doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around to exit the bedroom. Walk down the hall past the movie posters on the wall. Turn right at the first doorway after the  posters. Stop inside the doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk down the hall and turn right by the stairs. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom and turn left. At the end of the hall turn right and enter the bedroom. Enter the closet on the left. Wait in the middle of the closet. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the bathroom, and take a left. Take another left into a bedroom. In the bedroom take a left into the closet. Step to the left and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Turn right and go into the room. Turn left and go into the closet. Wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go inside the building. Go the the fireplace. Go to the long stool. Go into the bridal room. Go to the first white chair. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Enter the house and turn left. Turn right and wait by the white chair. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go inside. Go straight past the desk. Turn left and go past the bench on the right. Turn right and wait near the white couch. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go down the steps. Turn left and wait at the entrance of the room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the steps, and go straight into the long hallway.  Turn left and enter the first room to the left.  Wait inside. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the stairs, Take a left at the double doors, and enter the bating area. Stop in the doorway to the bathing area. 
r47D5H71a5s Start with the elevators to your back, turn left and walk to the open door in the right corner of the room.  Walk through the doorway and directly across the hallway leading into a room with two white lounge beds.  Take a few steps into the room and stop on the tile.  You should be a few feet from the first lounge bed. 
r47D5H71a5s Go past the stairs through the doorway. Enter the room directly in front of you and stop inside the doorway. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the stairs out of the room. Walk into the room across and stop next to the glass shelf. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom, veer left, then make an immediate right. Proceed to the living room and wait near the rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and turn left and then take an immediate right turn. Walk straight ahead into the living area. Wait on the rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and exit the bedroom through the door. Turn right, move forward to the chair and turn right again. Next move forward through the large doorway ahead and into a living room. Move forward and stop on the corner of the red rug nearest the door you entered. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the kitchen  and enter the dining room. Walk into the office straight ahead and wait in the office that is next to the stairs. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go around the bar to exit out the doorway straight ahead. Once out, cross the room towards the stairs. Enter the door to the right of the stairs. Stop once inside the office. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Leave the kitchen and go into the dining room. Go past the foot of the stairs and Walk through the archway. Wait by the desk in the home office. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go into the kitchen and walk right.  Turn right at the round table and walk towards the closed front door.  Go through the door to the left of the front door and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va When you get to the kitchen turn right. Exit the kitchen and walk toward the round table. Turn right when you get to the round table. Turn left on the second door and wait near the sink. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out of the dining room and turn right. Walk across the foyer, right, toward the front door of the house. Stop in the doorway of the powder room that is to the left of the front door. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk beside the outside doors and behind the chairs across the room. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop on the seventh step. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left and walk through the living room. Exit the room, turn right and walk up the stairs. stop in th e middle of the stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 With the windows on your left, walk through the large room past the sitting areas.  Go through the door left of the tapestry and enter a wood paneled room with a circle table in the middle.  Go up the stairs and stop on the sixth step from the bottom. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go forward into the foyer. Veer left, and go up the stairs. Stop on the landing in front of the bronze statue. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk towards the circular table.  Turn left before you reach the table, and walk up the stairs.  Stop when you reach the statue of a man.  Wait here. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk towards the found table and turn left and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the landing in front of a statue of a soldier. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left at the green vase and go past the shelves. Stand by the ping pong table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk toward the large glass vase and turn left. Walk forward and into the large room and stop by the ping pong table on the right. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward. Take a left at the large vase. Veer right, and head to the table tennis table. Stop at the edge of the table. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left and walk down three stairs. Wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk forward to the end of the hallway and turn left. Walk down alongside the railing until it stops. Then turn and walk down the stairs. Stop once you get to the 3rd step. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bedroom and turn left. Then turn hard left and walk down the third stair. Wait on the stairs by the banister. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go straight opposite the white door until you reach the pillar and then take a few steps passed the pillar towards the table and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go straight until you get to the dining room table and chairs. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward down the hallway and go to the kitchen. Stop when you are behind the stools. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk straight down the hall to the end. Wait near the bathroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Stand so the bedroom with the two beds is behind you and walk straight down the hall.  Enter the bathroom at the very end and stop in front of the sink and mirror. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk froward down the hall. Enter the bathroom at the end of the hallway. Stop in front of the sink. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go past the chairs and turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn to the right. Stop in front of the glass door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk out the doorway to the right, and walk down the stairs. Walk towards the door that leads outside, and stop when you are standing near the red seat. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bedroom, and head into the hall. Go down the stairs, and go right. Stop in front of the main door into the house. 
759xd9YjKW5 Facing the stairs go right into the room, and make a left and go straight and take a few steps into the doorway and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk forward into the TV room, and take a left. Walk straight, and enter the bedroom. Stop in the doorway before you enter the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go into the bedroom then turn left. Pass the TV and go out the door. Go straight into the other room. Wait near the dresser. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Leave the bathroom and move towards the bed. Stop in the center of the wood floor next to the refrigerator. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Follow the hall to the living area and turn left. Wait near the refrigerator. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Leave the bathroom and go straight. Turn left and stop at the foot of the bed next to the chair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk to the right of the dining table and towards the front door.  Enter the door to the left of the front door into the red bathroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway of the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk around the table on the right side. Go through the door straight ahead. Stop once you walk through the doorway. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go to the right of the black table and around it, go into the archway to the right of the greyish painting, take a step in and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and head up the stairs, then turn right and walk down the hall. Stop at the bedroom entrance. 
aayBHfsNo7d At the top of the stairs turn right and keep going straight down the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of the bedroom at the very end. 
aayBHfsNo7d Proceed up the stairs, turn right and enter the bedroom through the double doors. Wait by the entryway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom through the doorway by the chair, then turn left at the first hallway. Stop by the bathroom door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past the television and left into the hallway. Walk past the end table and turn left by the picture. Stop in front of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bedroom, and go straight. Take the left past the mirror. Stop outside of the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk straight toward the couches. Pass the couches and go up two steps on the stairs straight ahead. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go passed the red and purple chairs and go to the staircase and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the three chairs heading up the stairs on the right.  Stop on the third step. 
r47D5H71a5s Please take a walk through the salon over to the bathrooms. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room. Turn right. Walk past the sink with the chair and into the second room on the right. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and exit the room.  Walk through the exercise room and exit to the right. continue down the hallway and stop at the divider. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk toward the stairs and walk up the steps. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Pass the pool on your right and go straight into the house. Go up the stairs straight ahead. Wait near the white couch. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk past the pool and inside the building.  Go up the stairs and turn right.  Stop in front of the end table with the plant in the white pot. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom, go straight through and exit the bedroom, go straight and go down a couple of steps and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom and exit the room using the door straight ahead. Go down three steps of the stairs then stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom, then proceed through the bedroom into the hallway. Walk down to the second stair and wait by the banister. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go down the stairs and turn right. Walk straight past the long table. Stop in front of the sink. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the stairs and take a right. Wait in between the counter and the grey chairs. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go down the rest of the stairs and turn right.  Keep walking straight pass the dining area.  Stop when the kitchen area is on your left and the sitting area is on your right.  There will be a potted plant directly to your right and a wall with a fireplace directly in front of you and a door going outside directly to your left. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Head indoors and pass through the bedroom. Stop near the bathroom entryway. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk into the building and past the bed. Walk next to the red bench and stop. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter the house through the patio door and walk through the bedroom.  Enter the closet and wait by the chair. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right and exit the bathroom.  Then turn right and walk down the hall until you enter the next room. Wait next to the cabinet. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk straight into the bedroom. Wait just inside the bedroom entrance. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go right out into the hallway, and go right down the hallway until you reach the bedroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk slightly forward then turn left to enter the kitchen area. Turn left and walk forward and wait by the TV. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Enter the kitchen via the nearest entrance and turn left once you reach the kitchen island. Continue forward to exit the kitchen and stop in front of the flat screen display on your left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ With the dining table behind you, enter the kitchen through the doorway in your one o'clock position  Walk left through the kitchen until you get to two chairs in front of a shelf with bottles.  Stop on the rug in front of these two chairs. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom into the bedroom with the blue and white bed covers. Exit that bedroom and turn right into the living area with the two brown sofas and rocking chair. Stop next to the tall lamp. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk toward the mirror and walk right into the bedroom on the other side.  Walk through the bedroom and out the door into the hallway.  Turn right and walk into the room and stop after stepping on the carpet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past bathroom sinks, go through door, turn left and walk past bed and through door, turn right and go through door and wait by couch. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight down the hall and go into the second door on the right. Enter the room and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go straight and straight into the room ahead. Wait near the Xray table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Proceed down the hallway and through the corridor to the furthest doorway on the right. Enter the room and wait by the Wet Spa. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk straight down stone pathway.  When you reach the fork, turn left.  Wait by white stone pillar. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go straight. Turn left and wait near the Pool. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk towards the pool.  Make a left when you get to the edge of the pool, and stop in front of the glass door with the grey frame leading into the house. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bathroom. Turn right. Turn right again and exit the room using the double doors on the right. Wait near the bookshelf on the right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left and enter the bedroom. Then turn right and walk by the fireplace. Stand near the door. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bathroom. Exit the bedroom through the door on the right.  Stop in the office once you are past the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk straight past the table and chairs and out the room using the double doors. Turn right and go through the double doors. Wait near the bottom of the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk along the wall with the large tapestry handing from it.  The wall will be on your left as you walk.  Exit the room by the doorway in front of you, and go through the first doorway on your left.  Stop in front of the staircase. 
2n8kARJN3HM Keeping the tapestry on your left, walk straight through the dining room and out the door.  Turn right when you get to the tub in the next room and stop just before going up the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk away from the orange leather couch and make a right by the two metal chairs.  Walk past the frosted glass wall, with will be on your right as you pass.  Exit the house.  Stop when you get past the orange sculpture outside the door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around and proceed down the hallway and walk out the front door. Stand next to the large rocks. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go around the metal wall on the left and exit onto the patio. Step off the patio into the dirt. Stop next to the two large boulders. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the two steps on your left. Continue straight until you pass the stairs on your left. Turn right and wait near the oven. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk up the steps and down the hall, past the stairs. Stop in the kitchen next to the oven. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the stairs, and walk to the kitchen. Enter the kitchen. Stop on the left of the stove. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk in the direction of the purple and orange chairs, and keep going stairs. Walk around the silver wall, and exit into the patio. Stop once you exit. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn right and go passed the red and purple furniture. Go to the right and follow the hall outside. Then stop next to the red sculpture. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go past the glass table and chairs. Then go past the red and purple couches. Go past the large stainless steel wall. Turn right and go out the large glass door. Wait near the red statue. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Put the dining table behind you and go up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs turn right and enter the bedroom.  Stop just after entering the room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go up the stairs. Take a right, and stop once you pass the bedroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room and go up the stairs on your right. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around, move through the door and into the hallway. Turn left and move forward to through the doorway. Next turn right, walk to the end of the runner and turn left again. Go forward past the stairway, take a left and a quick right into the next door. Wait in that doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the doorway and turn left. Walk toward the stairs and turn right. Walk past the stairs and turn left. Walk into the doorway to the left of the vase and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and take a left at the bathroom. Turn right. Turn left when you get to the stairs and wait in the doorway to the room with big open space. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk around the bed and exit the room through the far door. Turn left and then turn right after the large mirror on the wall. Wait near the double doors. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the bathroom and turn right to exit the bedroom at the door at the opposite corner from the bathroom. Turn left after exiting the bedroom, and continue parallel to the grain on the wooden flooring. Wait at the entrance of the room to your left that you enter via the double doors. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left. Walk straight and turn left into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk past the kitchen area and go into the first room on the left and stop just inside the utility room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk across the kitchen and out the right side to where all the doors are. Turn and enter the door to the far left, closest to the kitchen. Stop once you enter facing the pipes and dryer. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk around the table and pass by the kitchen, then turn left at the first doorway. Stop near the water heater. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn left. Pass the lamp on the left and go straight into the room. Wait by the washer. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Turn around, then turn left. Enter the laundry room and stop by the washer. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk to the two doors at the end of the hall, and enter the room on the left. Go forward into the last room which is the laundry room. Stop next to the washing machine. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight down the hallway past the three paintings (on the left) and the thermostat (on the right). Continue walking until you enter through the door and is being greeted by a picture of the French alps. Simply turn left at the picture and you have arrived at your destination. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go straight until you go into the room. Wait near the dresser. 
1pXnuDYAj8r With the painting of the feather on your left, walk straight down the hallway to the room with the purple zigzag stripes.  Go left and stop in front of the letters that spell out "SKI". 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk into the building and to the left of the glass coffee table. Walk down the hall and left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and head indoors. Walk through the bedroom into the hallway, then make a left into the bathroom. Stop near the shower. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and enter the house. Walk the past the fireplace and enter the hallway. Walk down the hallway and turn left at the bathroom. Then enter the bathroom.  Wait near the shower. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward and wait in the room with 2 paintings. 
JF19kD82Mey Follow the hall and turn left. Turn left at the stairs and stop in the room. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk forward until you hit the glass door then turn left. Walk past the painting on the left then take a hard left and enter the carpet room. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and go through the door. Follow the hall and turn right. Then go towards the blue lips and turn left. Go to the right and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go down the steps. Go into the house using the large glass door. Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn left and then turn right and wait near the purple flowers on the left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and enter the house.  Then turn right and walk to the lips.  Then turn left and then right shortly after and enter the bathroom. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the bathroom by walking straight. Continue walking straight until you get to a large room. Wait near the large glass sliding doors. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk down the hall past the bathrooms and out of the locker room. Walk in front of the double glass doors and stop. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the bathroom area and walk past the water cooler, mirrors, lockers, and enter a room with glass doors on the left.  Stop in the center of this room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk to the right, around the fireplace, through the doorway and turn right. Wait in the hallway by the pocket door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go to the fireplace. Go to the bottom of the stairs. Go into the room nearest the television. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk forward to the fireplace. Turn right and walk to the bottom of the stairs. Turn left and enter the next room. Turn right into the doorway. Stop in front of the bathroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk forward past he living room, into the dining room. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk through the sitting room past the picture of the mermaid.  Stop right after the open door. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk out the doorway, farthest to the left. Take a left, and walk straight down the hallway. Walk past the stairs, and walk into the room on the left and stop. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right. Walk straight past the couch on the right. Turn left in the hallway and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom and turn right. Continue straight ahead. Turn left into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Wait just inside the bedroom. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go down the stairs and take a left at the couch. Keep going straight from there until you come to two doorways. Enter the one on the left. 
29hnd4uzFmX Move forward and turn right. Walk forward pass the kitchen area and enter the laundry room. Wait near the water heater. 
29hnd4uzFmX Descend the stairs, go to the right and enter the first door on the right. Enter the washroom and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit room, turn right and go up stairs. Turn left through the doorway and walk up the stairs. Wait at the foot of the curved steps. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Exit the room and turn right. Walk up the first set of stairs. Then turn left and walk up to the main stair case and wait near the bottom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right in the hallway and turn left after going up three stairs.  Walk towards the circular staircase on the right with the iron railings and stop just before taking the first step. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the kitchen and walk up the stairs. Wait on stair just before the landing. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and walk past the table.  Then go up the stairs.  Stop on the stairs just before the landing. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the kitchen via the stairs leading upwards. Stop on the last step just prior to the first landing. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn right and go right toward the stairs. Walk across the room through the middle entryway. Go straight until you reach the room with the chandelier. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With the wall that doesn't have any doors on your right, exit through the doorway ahead of you and turn right towards the stairs leading downwards. Continue past the stairs and exit the room through the center archway of the three archways on the opposite wall. Stop once you enter the room at the end of the vaulted hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn to the right and then turn right again immediately. Go the right and pass the table. Then turn left and go through the two doorways and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go past the stairs and continue straight passing the dining room table. Stop and wait just after you enter the kitchen area. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and go across the floor passing the stairs and the table. Stop near the couches. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk past the staircase.  The staircase will be on your right as you pass.  Continue to walk straight ahead past the dining table, which will also be on your right as you pass.  Stop when you get to the sink.  The sink will be on your left as you approach it. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk around the bed and stand on the other side. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go around the bed in the bedroom. Go to the closet which is on the left. Stop in front of the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk counter clockwise around the bed and stop in front of the door to the left of the framed picture of a hand. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom.  Turn right and walk down to the end of the hall.  Then turn left and enter the dining room. Turn right, walk through the dining room and exit out the patio doors. Wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out of the bathroom and to the right. Walk to the end of the hall and turn left. Walk into the large room and turn right. Walk straight out of the double doors and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bathroom. Turn right. Turn left on the second door. turn right and go out the double glass doors to the patio. Wait near the black bench. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down hallway towards the bed and turn left. Go through the doorway and wait. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bathroom, and bedroom and go straight. Stop in front of the door to the bathroom. 
EDJbREhghzL walk forward then turn left and wait near the door. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk in the direction of the table tennis table. Go to the conference room on the right. Stop between the two pillars. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and wait by the table that is to the right of the very long table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk forward and turn left. Walk forward and wait at the table with the cup full of pins. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Go out of the bathroom go over to the dining room table and wait in front of the fireplace. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk straight down the hallway and turn left.  Walk to the left of the blue bed and stop between the bed and the table and chairs, in front of the llama painting. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk out of the room and left around the corner. walk to the left side of the bed and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA walk out of the office past the sink and turn right. Turn right and walk up the steps. Stop on the fourth step. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the office, walk down the corridor and stop on the stairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward into the room with cabinets. Take a right once you exit the room. Go up four stairs and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Make a hard right. Make a hard right. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Walk past the round table on the right. Walk past the fireplace on the left. Wait at the wall mirror to the right of the french doors with green glass. 
VLzqgDo317F Go straight past the two fireplaces on the left. Wait near the three chairs on the left. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn 180 degrees to face the room with the fireplace. Walk forward past the fireplace. Continue down the red carpet past the stanchions. Stop in front of the double doors. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk down the stairs on the right of the chairs. Stop next to the Goodfellas poster. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk around the chairs towards the projection screen and stop in front of the "Goodfellas" poster. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go around the couches to the front row of couches and wait near the projector screen. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Leave the bathroom and take a left onto the balcony. Walk left on the deck and go down the first set of stairs.Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ With the washer/dryer on your left, walk forward a few steps before turning left and outside the front door.  Turn left on the porch and walk past the chairs and go down three steps to the next level of the deck.  Stop after taking the last step. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Enter the room. Turn left. Go outside. Pass the two black rocking chairs on the left. Go down the steps and wait there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go right and continue down the hall until you see a small statue on your left. Wait there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Leave the room, and take a left. Go straight down the hallway, and follow it as it curves. Stop in front of the closet before you reach the stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn left to walk down the hallway, pass the dining room and turn right at the art niche. Wait in the hallway by the door on the right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go left upp the stairway to the right in front of the flowers, go left up the stairs and to the first doorway stop at the staircase. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up the stairs and turn right at the landing.  Enter door at the top under the ceiling light and enter a room with a spiral staircase.  Stop before going up the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the stairs on the right. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 go on the right of the brown table, then continue past the tan table on the right as well. stop halfway from the next table. 
ZMojNkEp431 With the door to your immediate left, move forward passing a long dark table. Continue until a long light colored table is to your right and behind you and a ping pong table is to your right and ahead of you. Turn ninety degrees to your right. Then move forward until the long light colored table on your right is just behind you. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk around the dark wooden table to the right. Continue forward and turn right at the long wooden table. Walk around that table and turn left. Wait near the smaller office desk. 
B6ByNegPMKs With the nearest door to your immediate right, walk forward until you reach a cross-corridor. Turn left and continue down the corridor. Go around the corner ahead and stop in front of a door labeled "S-C" just above the door handle and lock assembly. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight. After you pass the exit sign, turn left. Stop after you turn right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight down the hallway and turn left at the end of the hall. Continue and stop at the start of the right side. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the barber chair and turn left. Stop in front of the plants. 
r47D5H71a5s walk straight down the hallway. Take a left at the end of the hallway. Wait by the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight and by the chair, go into the left and stop inside the door. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk forward between the blue cabinets and the counter with bar stools. Continue forward until the room opens and there are no cabinets on the right side.  Turn right and face the white door next to the black staircase. Walk forward and stop in front of the closed white door. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk through the kitchen and turn right. Stop in front of the door to the right of the spiral staircase. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go straight passed the kitchen counter, and turn right until you reach the closed door. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn around and head past the stairs and stay to your left. Turn left at the island and walk through the doorway. Turn left at the first opportunity and take one step into the dining room. Stop right there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the staircase and to the left. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Stop in front of the table and chairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go straight through the entrance hall and turn left into the kitchen. Make another left and stop at the dining table. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and continue down the stairs on the right. At the bottom of the stairs stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go down the stairs on the right. Stop at the base where the two stairways meet. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and turn left. Turn left towards the dining area. Walk past the dining table. Wait near the wall with the light switches on your left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and exit the bathroom.  Then turn left and enter the dining room.  Walk past the table and stand near the divider. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Find the main door to the bathroom which is located to the left of the vanity with chair.  Exit the room and immediately turn left and walk through the open door ahead of you.  Once in this room walk a few steps forward, then turn left towards the glass table and chairs.  Walk to the opening to the left of the table and stop next to the brown wooden lattice wall. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Go into the hall, pass the light switches, and turn right. Stop in front of the rug. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go through the door and passed the bed and tv. Enter the hallway and go straight turn right and stop next to the circle rug. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the restroom. Use the door on the right to exit the bedroom. Go across the hall. Turn hard right and wait near the air vent. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the plywood cabinet and desk. Walk past the glass walled conference room and to the top of the stairs on the left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the computer desks to the left. Stop at the top of the staircase. 
ZMojNkEp431 Follow the left wall until you get beneath the host sign. Then wait beside the mirror. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk to the top of the stairs. Walk to the second step from the top and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bathroom, enter the bedroom, make a sharp left and exit the bedroom, take a few steps down the stairs on the left and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bathroom. Turn hard left and exit the bedroom. Wait on the stairs on the left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn hard left and go down the hall towards the bedroom. Turn hard left and wait just before the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk straight down the hallway, past four pictures on your right...and walk through the doorway straight ahead. Take an immediate left down the smaller hallway before the bed, and stop before you reach the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk straight through the corridor with photographs on the wall  Enter the bedroom.  Make a left and walk towards the lamp.  Turn left and wait in the hallway next to the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk around the table and into the room with the long table and chairs. Walk around the table and go into the doorway on the left. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the room through the smaller archway, make a right at the black table, go around the table and then stop in the archway just to the left of the tall greyish painting. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk towards the loveseat, turn left, and walk through doorway. Turn right in front of the table and walk around to the other side of the table.  Walk toward the door and stop in the doorway of the kitchen. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk toward the stairs. Walk down the stairs and stop on the landing. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit the room by walking down the stairs, then wait on the first landing by the banister. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk forward past the rope line and go down the stairs to the bottom of the first landing. 
2n8kARJN3HM Make a left out of the doorway and walk behind the table and chairs, with the table on your right. Then walk around the sitting area in front of you to the doorway on the right. Make a right turn and walk toward the doorway at the end. Wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the long table and chairs on your left, and continue walking through the doorway. Once in the room with the fireplace, walk through the doorway to the right of it. Walk towards the first doorway on the left, and stop directly in the middle of the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM After you leave the pantry take a left into the dinning room and walk to the sitting area at the end of the dinning room. Now make a right in the sitting area and in the doorway to the hall. Next make a left in the hallway and waitin the doorway of the room with the stairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the fireplace on the left. Make a left at the planter on the floor. Walk under the stairs, to the left of the buffet table. Wait at the leather bench on the right. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards the fireplace and turn right. Go through the small doorway and turn left. Walk past the white table and walk into the hallway towards the black bench and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the dining area. Walk to the left of the table with the white tablecloth. Wait next to the leather bench. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the dining room table and enter the left hallway. Then turn left and walk into the office. Wait by the desk. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the dining room table and chairs and past the stairs into the hallway. Turn left and walk down the hallway into the study. Stop just inside the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the table and chairs on the right and past the stairs on the left. Turn left. Continue straight into the room. Wait near the desk. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around and turn right and continue straight and stop by the dining table. 
i5noydFURQK Turn right out of the hallway, walk through the living room and into the kitchen and dining area. Pass the first counter and wait by the dining chair. 
i5noydFURQK walk straight then turn right, walk again until you reach the table. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk through the doors and past the bed. Stop right before the black stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn around and go inside. Walk past the bed and couch. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go through the open door on the right. Keep walking straight then stop at the steps. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk forward, and stand in front of the next open door straight ahead. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk straight at the front door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh With the pool behind you, walk straight past the stairs until you get to the outdoor bar area with the marble counter tops.  Stop just before going through the door inside. 
5q7pvUzZiYa You should walk through the walk-in closet and wait by the abstract painting. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go right down the closet hallway and stop next to the painting. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go forward through the closet. Stop when you pass the last shelf in the closet, the large black painting skull should be on your right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn right and walk into the main area. Then climb up a few stairs and wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the bathroom, turn left just before the kitchen. Walk up the stairs midway and wait by the banister. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go past the bathroom and through the doorway. Continue on to the stairs. Go up the stairs halfway and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 walk out of the doorway take a hard left. when you get to the couch take a hard left. walk down the hallway to the second pillar and take a left. wait by the counter. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the pantry and take a left. Take a left behind the couch, and take a left into the kitchen. Stop next to the counter in the kitchen. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go straight and then turn left. Enter the entryway and then turn left to pass the couch again. Keeping going straight and stop outside of the island. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk up the set of steps to the right. Walk right past the black chair and table. Walk past the glass conference room wall and stop by the plywood trunk. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk up the set of stairs on the right side of the blackboard. Move forward to the desk and walk behind the chair. Walk straight past the next desk and wait in between the bookcases and the small chest. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go up the stairs, go through the room to the right of the desks and turn right into the hallway and then stop. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Head indoors. Pass the stairway and continue through passing through with the kitchen area on your right.  Wait at the end of the kitchen area by the blue counter. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk forward towards the white chairs, passing by the stairs on your left. Keep walking forward and stop when you are standing by the second white chair at the kitchen island. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk into the building and past the stairs. Walk to the end of the island and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the bathroom through the door on the right. Enter the bedroom, and stop once you are out of the doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit room with toilet and walk towards the sink. Turn right in front of the sink. Walk passed the shower and the second sink. Walk into the bedroom and stop near the door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the portion of the bathroom with the toilet through the open door.  Walk straight towards the vanity and turn right.  Walk though the bathroom with the shower on your right.  Keep walking forward until you enter a bedroom with a black leather chair.  Walk into the room and stop just outside of the doorway beside the black leather chair. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the bathroom, and veer right. Go down the hall, and enter the kitchen through the door on the left. Stop next to the door on the right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out the door, and down the hallway to your right. Walk into the first room on the left that leads to the kitchen. Once you walk into the room, stop in front the wetbar room on the right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bathroom and walk down the hallway to the right. All the way to the mirror, then turn left into the kitchen. Stop at the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM With the wood floored room to your rear, exit and turn left, then enter the next room to your right. Continue forward, then enter the kitchen area to your left, passing though to the opposite side of the kitchen. There, you'll see two doors. One leading to the dining room and the other leading to the laundry room. Enter the laundry room. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Veer left through the doorway into the kitchen, then turn left at the buffet. Proceed through the kitchen to then exit through the doorway on the right. Entering the laundry room, wait there by the sink on the left. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Make a left under and walk under the chandelier. Walk through the door and past the dining room table. Walk through the kitchen and into the laundry room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the garage through the white door and go straight forward into the next room and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the garage through the open door to your left. Head straight down the hallway into the room directly ahead. Wait just inside the doorway beside the shelves. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the garage and go straight until you get to the living room. Wait near the three candles on the shelf. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the bathroom and turn right. Go down the hallway and stop in the office. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and then turn right, passing by the door to your right, then the door to your left. Then enter the room at the end of the corridor through the double frosted glass and wooden doors. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and make a right.  Walk down the hall and through the doorway in front of you at the end of the hall.  Stop in front of the table in that room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk between the two vehicles into the building. Walk towards the archway and stop in the archway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the garage by taking the doorway in the wall opposite the overhead doors, between the two cars.  Walk straight and stop when you enter the kitchen, by the microwave. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go between the cars and through the doorway at the end of the garage. Go straight and stop in the doorway to the kitchen. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn left and walk down the long hallway to the end. Wait there in the hallway by the two bedroom doors. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk toward your left down the hallway. The stairs and a closet will be on your left hand side. Continue down the hallway with the artwork and pictures. Stop at the end of the hallway outside of the open bedroom doors. 
sKLMLpTHeUy At the bottom of the stairs turn left. Walk down the hallway passed the stairs on the left. Continue down the hallway until you can turn right.  Stop in front of the bedroom door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the massage room, and make a right and go into the rightmost room, step in and stop near the white table thing. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room and turn right. Pass by the first room on your right and enter the second room. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk through the door on the right and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go into the room with the staircase to the right, go between the grey couch and the glass table, after passing the glass table make a right, and stop before and to the left of the thermostat. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight and go left behind the couch and the dining table. Then stop before getting to the bar next to the thermostat. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Place the white and black painting to your back, and walk forward towards the staircase into the room.  Continue into the room until you can turn left and walk behind the grey couch, with the glass table with blue chairs on your right.  Walk to the end of the table and turn right.  Walk forward and stop in the middle of the room.  You should be the same distance from the white wall, blue chairs, black support beam, and clear metal bar stools in the middle of the room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom and turn towards the stairs. Wait in the doorway to the theater. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom and turn right. Enter the theater on the left and wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and then turn left into the room. Wait near the entrance. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left and move towards the tables. Turn left and walk past the shelf into the hallway. Continue walking and stop in front of the green vase. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn sharply to the left. Walk away from the tables toward the hallway with the brick walls on both sides. Walk toward the large green vase with the paper rolls in it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk through the hallway between the white bookshelf and stone wall. Stop in front the large green vase. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the window behind you, walk straight and past the stairs into the dining area.  Turn right at the small gold table with a magazine on it and walk past the dining table.  Stop after passing the dining table and are near the column in the corner of the deck area. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward past the stairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room table and chairs and stop by the kitchen island. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward down the hall, then turn right and go past the dining room table. Wait near the kitchen. 
1pXnuDYAj8r With the bed on your left, exit the bedroom and keep walking straight until you get to the stairs.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward, face left at the stairs, wait on the staircase. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk down the hall and wait on the stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk forward slightly to the left. Walk through the door way, make a hard left, stop in the bathroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX After you leave the dinning area walk towards the hall by the living room. Walk inside the hall and make go to the first room on the left. Next go inside the bathroom and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and walk across the room to the small hallway. Then turn left and enter the bathroom.  Stand by the sink. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the end of the room and stop between the L-shaped, empty, wooden table and the gray sofa with two green pillows on it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Facing the table-tennis table turn left and go straight through the room, until you see the pallet coffee table and stop near it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Facing the projector screen that says Impact Hub Trieste, turn left towards the two entrances at the end of the room. Walk all the way to the entrances until you see a white couch with four pillows on them. Once you see the couch you have reached your destination. 
sT4fr6TAbpF walk forward then turn right, walk again then stop at the small stairs. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk left past the couch and televisions. Stop in front of the steps. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left and walk to the brown chair. Turn right and walk past the television and lamps. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the bathroom and then turn right into the bedroom, immediately turn left into the closet. Wait by the closet shelving on the left. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom through the door.  Take a hard left, walk towards the beach poster, then another right turn.  Walk into the bedroom and immediately turn left, into the closet. Wait here. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bedroom, make a left, at the beach picture make a right, enter the bedroom, make an immediate left into the closet, take a step in and then stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk straight, take a sharp right turn and continue down the corridor before making a slight right turn to the top of the steps. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past the fireplace, turn right and walk into the next room.  Walk to the middle of the room and turn right and walk to the edge of the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Pass the fireplace on your right. Take a right. Go down the hall. Cross the room and go to the top of the stairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go down the hallway to your right. Take a left at the intersection in the hallway. Stop once you take the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk past the exit sign and down the hall. Turn left and stop in the next hallway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go right down the hall. Turn left at the first hallway on your left. Wait at the beginning of the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room through the archway to the right of the picture of the sailboat, go straight through the hallway and then stop near the brown framed picture with the sconce next to it. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn toward the picture of the boat and walk into the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway where there is the sconce and a picture to the right of the light. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go slightly left by the patterned chair and through the door way. Continue down the long hall. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the bathroom. Go straight. Turn right when you exit the room. Turn right again into the room next door. Wait near the brown bench on the right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A With the toilet behind you, move forward, passing by the table on your right and exiting through the doorway ahead of you. Turn to the right and exit this room via the door on your right just past the mirror. Stop in between the two mirrors to your right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Leave the bathroom, and head out of the locker room. Take a  right in the hallway and enter the locker room which is the first room on the right. Stop on the right of the bench in the middle of the room. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go stand on the second step of the curving stairs that go up. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go passed the left side of the couch then pass through the entryway and then go to the stairs and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go through the room to the left of the leftmost couch. Go straight ahead through the archway, go up the stairs two steps and then stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB With the pool to your back, locate the staircase to the second floor patio.  To the left of the staircase a covered archway with a table under it.  Proceed to the table, walking passed it heading towards the blue basketball court.  Step off of the tile floor of the patio onto the rock, and stop in between the patio and the court. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go towards the stairs and then go to the left of the stairs along the walkway, going right and then straight toward the circle table, go passed the circle table, then go just passed the pillar onto the stones and stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB When you get to the stairs make a left and follow the walk around, wait in the rocks in front of the basketball court. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk towards piano. Go through doorway to the right of piano. Wait by bench outside of doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room via the arched opening with the double doors at the opposite wall. Continue straight until you step on the carpet ahead and see an open staircase to your left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the doorway directly left of the blue couch. Then walk through the second doorway, and stop directly in front of where the carpet and the wood floors meet. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go passed the red artwork on the left, go into the doorway and then make a right after the first silver chair. Go straight through the glass door and step into the bedroom and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Head inside, turn right, walk forward into the room, stop in front of the bed. 
Uxmj2M2itWa head inside the building. turn right, then wait inside the bedroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Face the pool and walk around it clockwise, passing two palm trees and a column.  Stop when you have reached the opposite side from where you started and are in front of an empty urn that is in between the two windows on the right side of the door. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk slightly to the right before making a sharper right turn and then an extremely sharp right turn, making your way around the pool and stopping near the furthest window. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk around the pool and keep the pool to your right and the sliding glass doors to the left. Make a right and walk to the middle of the pool. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left and move straight through the room and then walk through the doorway. Wait just inside the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left. Walk past the table with the horse sculpture. Continue through the doorway. Stop after you entered the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk between the sitting area and the dining table towards the door way. Walk through the door and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go to the left of the wooden table, turn left into the doorway, turn left into the second doorway, take two steps in and the stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk towards the door and walk onto the porch.  Walk indoors and stop near the door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk a bit, and turn left towards the opened steel door. Enter inside, and turn left again inside another door. Enter inside, and stop there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk into the next room.  Then turn right and enter the conference room.  Stand near the chair. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go towards the green vase-like ornament, make a right and go into the first archway on the right, go into the room and stop to the right of the conference table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight before taking a right turn and then after one more step and immediate sharp right turn through the doors and stop in the room with the conference table. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk past the bed on the left, and through the door. Stop immediatly before passing under the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn to the right and walk past the bed. Walk into the next room, standing by the fireplace. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk straight past the bed and walk slightly to the left stopping by the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the corridor, past the exit sign and stop past the first doors. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward, stop near the second door way on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Just  walk straight. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the kitchen through the doorway by the black shelves.  Make a right and walk past the dining table.  The table will be on the left as you pass.  Stop next to the painting of sailboats. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and enter the dining room. Than turn right and enter the patio area.  Wait next to the chair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk out of the kitchen and turn right. Walk past the table and chairs and turn left. Stop behind the white chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk straight through the doorway towards the painting and turn left. Wait by painting. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 walk straight then enter the room, turn left. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the stairs and through the doorway, turn left into the bedroom. Wait by the bathroom door. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk towards the table and the dining room. Walk past the dining table on the left and walk past the entrance on the left. Make a quick left and walk into the doorway directly opposite of a full length framed mirror. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk through the open doorway into the dining room. Turn right and walk into the foyer. Move forward towards the chair and enter the archway to your right. Turn a slight left, move forward and stop in the entrance to the bedroom on the right. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the kitchen and toward the dining room. Walk past the chair and through the entryway on the right. Walk into the doorway of the bedroom and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk left down the hall. Walk to the end of the hall and go right. walk past the small refrigerator and in the hall. Stop just outside the door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk towards the pictures on the wall and then turn left, go straight down the hall and take the slight right further down, take a step into the wooden doorway and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the dining room and down the hall. Wait in the theater room, at the end of the hall. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and walk past the living room and go outside. Stop next to the outdoor kitchen. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk between the grey couch on your left and the wall with the blue painting on it on your right.  Walk thought the doorway directly in from of you to exit the house.  Stop when you are outside, next to the marble-topped bar with the sink in it. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk forward through the doorway, onto the patio, and wait in front of the sink. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight and then take a right at the small white bookshelf. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 After you finish going up the steps go straight until you get to a hallway on the right. Turn right into that hallway and wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go passed the first two desks on the right and turn right into the first open hallway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk toward the TV and make a left. Walk to the doorway past the three shelves. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk towards the TV and turn left. Walk towards the doorway and wait at doorway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj walk past the coffee table.Take a left in front of the TV. Walk through the doorway and wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the glass set of doors that are next to the plants. Continue to walk past the kitchen and through another class door directly in the middle.. Stop after you pass through the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Locate the two open doors that lead into a hallway with hardwood floors. Walk into the room and go through the door on the other side to the left of the two mental elevators.  Walk through that door into the pool area, walk halfway down the length of the first lounge bed and stop there. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the double doors and past the stairs. Wait inside the pool room door. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk toward the metal object on the ground. Then start walking in the direction of the purple chairs. Walk past the purple chairs and turn left. Wait at the stairs before the room with the red cabinets. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk in the direction of the large arm chairs. Walk behind the chairs and go up the right flight of stairs into the kitchen. Stop on the second stair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Enter the house and go towards the stairs to your right past the orange chair. Go past the kitchen  and climb up the stairs to your left. Stop on the second stair and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the closet into the bathroom, then turn left and exit the bathroom into the bedroom. Go to the opposite side of the room, then exit the bedroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit closet, turn left and exit bathroom. Exit bedroom, and stop outside of the doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk in to the bathroom and turn left into the bedroom. Walk past the bed and turn right. Walk through the door. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk straight. Pass the two chairs on the left. Wait before you get to the double glass doors and the plant. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk forward with the office behind you. Stop In the doorway at the end of the hall. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Stand so the hallway with the stairs is behind you and walk down the walkway between the two rows of columns.  Walk straight until you enter another passageway on the opposite side of the large open room.  Stop just before entering the last room with the door leading outside. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the piano and through the middle entryway. Turn right and stop in front of the double doors and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk towards the piano, and throught the middle doorway. Walk towards the stairs, and stop between the two stair cases that go down. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the piano and through the middle archway.  Keep walking straight until you get to double doors on the right leading outside and stop in between the two staircases. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom, turn right, at the end of the hallway turn left. Then turn right into the bedroom and wait by the entryway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom, make a right and go down the hallway and make a left at the first doorway to the left, go into the room and make a right into the doorway and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk into the bathroom and turn right into the bedroom and stop just inside the door. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the sink on your right, walk straight and turn just before stepping onto the rug.  Walk outside and stop in front of the first chair outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk along the counter toward the living room, turn left and exit the building through the sliding glass doors. Wait by the deck by the chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk toward the couch and turn left. Walk just outside and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk along the pool toward the sliding glass doors on the right. Proceed past the pillar and the planters into the building. Wait on the rug by the sliding glass doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go along the pool into the sliding glass doors, take a step in and then stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight and pass the pool on the right. Go into the glass sliding doors and wait there near the round table. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Locate the screen door that leads to the screened in patio.  Walk into the patio and stop when you get to the doorway on the left.  Turn left and look into the white room.  Following the left side of the room with the white table walk down the length of the kitchen.   Stop in the area in front of the stacked washer and dryer and in front of the bathroom door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk into the screened in porch area and then turn left and enter the building.  Keep going straight through the kitchen area and stop in front of the washer/dryer. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go straight and turn left into the door. Then continue straight passed the table and stop in front of the fridge. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk past the long table towards the sliding glass doors. Wait by the door. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go towards the dining table, and then go passed the dining table to the right of the dining table. Go near the glass door then stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 When you are in the entryway of the sitting room make a right and walk straight back to the door going to the pool. Wait in front of the door. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through three archways and into the dining room. Walk through another archway through the dining room. Walk into the foyer with the chandelier right above you. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave garage by heading to hall on the right. Walk down the hall to the main dining room. Walk past the table towards the door leading to the outside. Stop just before the foyer. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward through the hallway, make a slight right, wait in front of the door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bedroom, turn left and wait inside the room at the end, by the guitar. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the bedroom and turn left in the hall. Walk through the doorway and stop next to the black bookshelves. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Stop by the rug. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit room, turn right, turn left and wait near the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the room through the door leading to the railing.  Turn right and go through the door.  Walk toward the room in the ten o'clock position and stop just before stepping on the yellow rug under the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and pass the couch on your right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk back in keeping the blue couch to your right. Walk up to the door just past the stairs on your left. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk into the building and behind the couch. Stop by the end table. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the reception desk and left around the hollow squared wall. Walk left past the wicker basket and stop by the painting. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go right passed the desk and turn left to go down the next hallway. Stop once you reach the opening to the atrium. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn right 135 degrees.  Walk forward past the desk.  Keep going past the desk then turn left 90 degrees and walk 10 feet down the hallway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bedroom, and go straight down the hall. Go down the halls, and stop on the first stair from the top. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn right to exit the bedroom. Walk straight and to the end of the hall. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Facing the bed and with your back towards the bathroom, take an immediate right and walk out the door that's next to the gray chair. Outside the bathroom, walk past the open door (that's on the left) and continue through the hallway until you see a cross road. Take the left doorway and continue till you see stairs on the right hand side. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ With the bookshelves behind you, walk through the doorway on your left.  Walk towards a swing in front of some windows and turn right.  Keeping the windows to your left, walk the length of the rooms until you enter a room with chairs around a round table with a horse statue on it.  Turn right into the area with the yellow walls and stop on the carpet in front of the bottles. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the room to the left through the big archway, go into the room and make a right and go along the white table and passed the couch, go towards the brown circle table and then make a right, take a step onto the rug and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit through the tri-fold door, walk through the two sitting rooms and wait in TV room next to the kitchen. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit room through the doorway near the fireplace. Keep right and walk through the hallway, turn right, enter the bedroom and wait near the bed. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn to the left and walk past the white chair. Turn right and walk past the double doors into the doorway. Walk in the hallway past the wooden cabinets. Enter the bedroom to your left and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk through the doorway to the left of the fireplace, Walk right down the hallway, and walk into the first room on your left. Stop before you reach the small carpet. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the laundry room and turn left. Turn right and walk into the first door on the right. Stop just inside the bathroom door. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the laundry room into the hallway and turn left. Walk towards the bedroom and turn right continuing down the hallway. Turn right and walk into the bathroom. Stop next to the first bathroom sink. 
i5noydFURQK Turn around until you face and open door with a laundry unit on the right. Walk out of the door and left to face a hallway. Follow the hallway as it turns right and walk to a built in cabinet on the left. Turn right and walk into the bathroom across from the built in cabinet. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk into the room, directly right of the three pictures on the wall. Walk through the room, and through the doorway on the left. Stop when you are in front of the mirrow. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go down the hallway opposite the door to the outside area, and then make a left at the first doorway, go into the room and cross the room between the green counter and the brown table into the brown archway, take a step into the bedroom and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Position yourself so that the railing is on your right and walk down the blue carpet and turn left at the first door.  Walk into the room with the square table and chairs and enter the room to the left.  Stop near the mirror after passing the pocket doors and entering the room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go in to the hall and turn left. Then take the next left and continue down the hall. At the fork, turn left again and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go into the hall and turn left. Turn left down the next hall. Go into the first doorway on the left. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the cubical and turn left. Walk down the first hall to the left. At the first intersection, turn into the office on the left. Stop there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the room then walk straight toward the pool table. Turn slightly left to pass the pool table and the couches on the left. Continue walking straight until you get to another room. Wait at the entrance. 
V2XKFyX4ASd At the foot of the bed, walk outside of the room and around the left side of the billiards table.  Walk past the chairs and stop in the doorway of the bedroom opposite the room where you started. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk out of the bedroom and walk left past the pool table. Walk into the doorway next to the lamp and stop. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk away from the meeting room doors. Walk through the tables and wait at the temporary wood/fabric wall towards the very back of the room. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn left to walk between the tables. Proceed past the last tables and wait by center of the partitions. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go towards the brown tables, go towards the room dividers and when you are near the middle of them stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 With the building to your right, move forward, passing the double doors to your right, the picture window to your right, and finally stop just prior to an ornate door flanked by two windows on your right. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk along the exterior wall toward the patio set, pass the double doors and three planters. Then wait by the front door. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk towards the outside patio set, and stop in front of the gray door directly across from it. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Move forward through the door and then turn left. Head down the hallway, walk through the into the living room at the end of the hall and stop just inside the room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Move forward, turn left, walk through the hallway, enter the living room and wait near the white couch. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go through the hallway with the glass doors to the left, make a left, go passed the brown double doors on the left, stop a few feet shy of the rug. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Enter the bedroom straight across the hall.Stop in the room once you are past the door. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom. Walk left out of the bedroom. Walk across the hall and into the bedroom. Stop by the black chair. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Go straight into the into the bedroom directly across and stop next to the lounge chair. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk past the sign and to the right of the table and chairs. Walk right across the room past the palisserie sign. Walk to the other side of the table and chairs and stop. 
PuKPg4mmafe Move forward past the gold sign until you reach the stairway on your left. Walk toward the chairs in front of you, turn right to go around the chair and turn left again. Move forward into the dining room. Move to the far right of the room, turn left at the display case and wait behind the first table. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go straight and slightly right toward the piano. When you pass the piano turn right and wait near the tables. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk on carpet, past the bed, go out double doors and wait by wine rack. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go passed the bed and through the door to the right of the closet and then stop right next to the door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Leave the bedroom. Stop in front of the left door of the wine closet. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and stop just before you get to the door on your right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and stop near the picture frame on the right wall. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk down the steps, stopping at the bottom near the painting. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk through the kitchen and to the right into the next building. Walk through the doors on the right and past the chair. Stop just inside the hallway. 
vyrNrziPKCB With the bed at your back, find the open brown wooden door and walk through it.  Turn slightly to the right and walk through the open double doors that lead outside.  Proceed across the opening and enter the small room with gym equipment.  Go through that room and walk out of the open door on the right that leads into the house.  Once in the large room, keep the gym room door to your back and walk straight across to the hallway opening.  Walk into the small hallway and stop when you get to an oval rod iron decoration on the left hand side of the hallway and stop there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight through the doorway. Take a right after the elliptical machine. Continue forward to the hallway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the doorway second the left. Then walk straight the middle walkway, Turn left, and stop in front the the wooden stand. 
2n8kARJN3HM Exit the room through the archway on the right, walk past the dining room. Proceed through the next archway and promptly turn right. Wait by the  window. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go through the doorway beside the piano. Continue through until you pass another doorway. Turn right and wait beside the window. 
uNb9QFRL6hY GO STRAIGHT AND TURN RIGHT. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go up the three steps and to the right and up the small set of stairs, go down the hall and make a right at the first doorway on the right, go into the doorway and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Head up and go op the short set of steps to the right. Continue down that hallway, then turn right into the bathroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the hall and turn left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go straight down the hallway then stop at the top base of the stairwell. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk into the room and right past the table and chairs. Stop just past the grate wall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go through the door and go straight. Turn right to go passed the table and then stop on the other side of the wooden lattice. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk towards the room with the dining room table, and walk past it on your left. Walk past the doorway with the wooden wall on your right, and stop immediatly after it. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Go past the refrigerator. Follow the left wall and wait in the doorway for the restroom. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Turn to face the white refrigerator to the left of the kitchen sink.  Walk towards the fridge, and go to the blue carpet that is to the left of the fridge.  Once you reach the carpet follow the curved wall down the hallway until you reach the doorway to the bathroom.  Walk until you are standing in the doorway facing the toilet. 
GdvgFV5R1Z5 Walk past the fridge and turn right. Walk toward the wall and turn right. Walk down the short hallway and stop in the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk past the bathtub and the table. Stop in the doorway on the right. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn right and go straight down the room along the long table. Turn left and enter the door into the seating area with the TV. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk between the 5 pillars and table on the left side. Walk through the set of doors right after the last piller, directly to the left. Stop right after you pass through the doors. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight passed the sink, and through the door into the bedroom. Turn right into the doorway next to the lamp. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom and continue straight down the bedroom, entering the second door on the right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk out of the bathroom and left past the bed. Turn right and stop in front of the small television. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn and head down the lobby towards the double doors opposite the stairwell. Enter the large dining room area and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and go passed the fireplace towards the staircase. Then turn right and go through the door towards the banquet table and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk toward the wooden stairs that go up. Before the stairs, turn right through the double doors and stop in the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room into the hallway and turn left. Go straight down the hallway and enter the door ahead to the bathroom. Stop in the archway leading to the toilet and bathtub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom and turn right, proceed through the hallway past the stairs. Enter the bathroom through the doorway strait ahead. Continue past the sink and then wait by the bathtub. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bedroom and make a left.  Walk down the hall, past the staircase, which will be on your left as you pass.  In front of you past the staircase is the doorway to a bathroom.  Walk into the bathroom and stop next to the bathtub. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk through the hallway that has the ottoman on your left. Walk past the pool table, and walk through the doorway straight in front of it.Stop right after you pass through the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk towards the round cushion on the floor.  Continue past the billiard table, and and exit through the glass doors ahead.  Wait here. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room and go into the room across the hall. Pass the billiards table and go through the sliding door. Stop on the mat. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right and walk all the way down the hall. Wait beside the white wardrobe. 
VLzqgDo317F Go through the hallway to the left, and walk to the left corner of the rope and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F From the top of the stairs, walk to the left of the large room with the table and chairs. Walk through the room at the end of the hallway. Stop by the table and chairs. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk toward the stairs,turn left through the doorway and walk down the stairs to the storage room entry. Wait by the canvas drop cloth. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk straight, and turn left into the room before the staircase to enter the garage.  Continue through the room and down the stairs into the next room. Stay right, and wait by the doorway with supplies in it. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight and into the doorway to the left of the stairs. Go through the door on the right, and into the garage. Stop in the entryway on the right. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and go down the hallway.stop near the plant. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go all the way down the hallway, stopping at the door to the left leading to the bedroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk straight, after the two big door you can see a plant when you turn left you can see a bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight up the stairs and enter the door of the bathroom straight ahead. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the stairs, and through the doorway on your farthest left. Stop as soon as you pass through the door. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk up the stairs that are directly in front of you.  When you arrive on the top of the stairs, walk straight ahead to the open bathroom door in front of you.  Walk to the opening of the door, until you can see the toilet, and stop there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Go to the left toward passed the round desk. Go left, down the hallway, through the glass doors on the right, and stop passed the desk on the left. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the bathroom and walk straight past the front desk. Turn left at the end of the desk into a hallway. Walk straight past two black urns until you see large black urn in front of you. Turn right in to the next room and wait in the center of it. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn left and walk towards the reception desk.  Go past the desk and down the hallway entering the open glass doors to your right.  Walk into that room and stop just inside. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the entry and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the fourth step from the top. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn right and head out into the room with the three leaf decoration on the wall, pass the decoration on its right, go through the doorway and up the stairs, stop at the third step before the top facing the three piece picture. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight and slightly right. Continue down the hallway until you get to stairs on the right. Go up six steps then stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right to go up the stairs to the right of the chairs. Stop at the top of the stairs where the different entryways are. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk toward the steps and turn right. walk up the steps and down the hall toward the steps. Walk up the steps and stop at the top. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and go to the right down the hallway. Follow the hallway and stop at the top of the staits. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Enter the room to your left. Walk into the room and head just past the white table and head outside to the patio.  Turn right a walk in front of windows.  Stand by the windows. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk through the open wooden door in front of you.  Keep walking forward, going directly to the white table in the middle of the room and go around it to the left.  Once on the other side of the table keep walking forward to the closed wooden door.  Open the door and exit onto the terrace looking at the four chairs.  Walk forward and turn right when you get to the chairs, and walk to the hallway.  There is a statue of a dog near the hallway entrance.  Walk three feet down the hallway and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go through the double glass doors that have a staircase leading downwards just outside them and to the right. After going through the doors, pass by the stairs leading down on your right, continue forward and pass by the stairs leading up on your left. Continue forward until you reach a massive wooden door flanked by windows to its' left and right. Go through the door and turn right. Continue forward until you pass from under the roof covered area. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go straight through the living room past the pool table, entering the door a bit to the left leading into the bedroom. Go straight to the left corner and stop at the door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Veer left through the game room, pass the pool table and exit through the doorway by the arcade game. Enter the bedroom and wait by the nightstand. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go passed the couch and pool table. Enter the door on the left of the arcade cabinet and then stop next to the door by the bed. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn around and go by the pillars. Keep going straight and then turn left and go by the fan. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk between the tall marble pillars. Follow the walkway to the left then head towards the metal floor fan towards the right. Stop before the floor fan. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Go through the pillars to your right  Turn left to  walk through the room to the left of the four chairs. Stop once you are left of the chairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go up the right staircase and stop once you reach the top. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go up the stairs and stop once reaching the top. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk to the staircase that curves to the left. Walk up the stairs and stop at the third step from the top. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the door and turn left. Walk behind the chairs and stop by the glass table and black chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go inside and turn left when you're able to. Walk past the foot two separate flights of fives steps on your left. Then wait near a round table with eight chairs around it. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go inside and turn left toward the kitchen area. Stop next to the round glass dining table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk out of the bedroom and walk left down the hall. Walk right past the brick wall. Walk into the second doorway from the left and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the room and veer left, pass the table and turn right. Immediately turn left and walk to the doorway by the dining room and wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk through the double doors on your left. Turn a slight left and head down the hallway. Turn right at the paneled double doors and walk forward. Turn left and wait directly in front of the white doorway in front of you. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go to the right and follow the hallway. Stop before going outside. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Head straight down the hallway, past the double doors to the left and the door ahead. Stop before entering the next door leading to the bedroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the hall and through the doorway. Walk past the mirror and stop in the doorway. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down the hall and into the open room with the stairs. Walk over the glass part of the floor and through the doorway straight ahead. Turn into tho the room on the right and stop just inside the doorway. 
s8pcmisQ38h You should walk down to the end of the hall and into the sitting area, and walk to the doorway at the end of the room. Now make a right and wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
s8pcmisQ38h Head straight down the hallway towards the area with the staircase. Continue going straight and enter the bedroom on the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Head past the dining table and turn left towards the kitchen. Go straight ahead and stop in the small room past the door straight ahead. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go around the table and through the entryway on the left to the kitchen. Walk straight and go through the doorway across the kitchen. Stop next to the chair on your right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go through the wide arched opening at the opposite corner of the dining area you're in and go into the kitchen. Continue past the kitchen island and through the door opening just to the right of the small build in desk. Stop once you're fall enough into that area to be able to turn right. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk towards the end of the long table. Stop before the second to the last chair on the long table. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Go to the right of the table and continue going. Stop near the sixth chair. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Stay to the right of the long wooden table. Walk the length of the entire table, and wait near the end. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk toward the air conditioners, turn left to go toward the stairs, and stop once you reach the bottom of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk towards the chimney and head down the stairs.  Wait near the crab. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go down the step and turn left. Turn right and go down the steps. Wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs With a glass wall to your immediate left and another one ahead of you, walk forward and turn right down the hallway. Pass by three doors on your right, then pass by a door on your left. Veer slightly right and stop in front of a set of double doors to your left and even with the jam of a single door in front of you. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk down the hall and stop under the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight and then head right, down the entire hallway until stopping at the double doors under the exit sign. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go past the exit and continue past the large chairs. Stop in front of the table with glass chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Travel in the direction of the red furniture, away from the bedroom. Continuing forward, walk between the blue sofa and round glass top table. Continue forward until you reach the glass table surrounded by black chairs, with the vase on it. Discontinue your forward momentum and halt when you are even with the glass vase. Wait here for further instructions. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk away from the bed towards the sofa. Move towards the round glass table with the black chairs around it. Stop near the table. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk forward, going through the door with horizontal glass. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn around and walk through the front door. Stop just inside the door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk down the path and into the building and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk towards the open door and enter the room with the pool table. Walk through the room with the pool table towards the open door leading to the movie room. Stop just inside the movie room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Enter through the door. Pass the pool table and wait in the doorway in the hall. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and go through the door towards the pool table. Go passed the pool table and go through the door straight ahead and behind the brown leather sofa and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk toward the leather chair and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Walk past the refrigerator and turn right and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A When you are in the hall in front of the front door make a slight right, and go into the living room. Once you are in the living room make another slight right and go to the kitchen. Now to the refrigerator and walk out of the kitchen, make a right and wait. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go ahead into the living room and kitchen area. Go through the kitchen and take the first right past the fridge, stopping in the hallway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Keep walking forward, and turn left when the flower picture frame is visible on the wall to your right. Walk towards the bedroom, and enter inside, and stop there. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk down the hallway. Head past the iron railing and into the bedroom. Wait just inside the bedroom. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go counter clockwise around the hallway until there is a door ahead leading to the bedroom. Stop after entering. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn right and go through the doorway. Continue going straight behind the red furniture. Go left upstairs and stop in front of the red couches. 
Uxmj2M2itWa With the bed towards your right, move forward, and then left to exit the bedroom. Continue forward until you go behind the reddish orange couch and can climb the stairs to your left. After you climb the short flight of five steps, pass though the door in front of you. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bedroom through the glass doorway on the left. Proceed into the great room and then turn left and walk up the first set of stairs. Wait in the bedroom by the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the corridor and then make a sharp right turn, continue to the steps before taking a slight right and stopping right next to the steps. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward through the hallway and into the next room. Turn right and walk to the end of the carpet. At the front of the stairs turn right and walk to the doorway on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn hard right to exit the room through the arched hallway. Then turn right to walk through the corridor. Just before the stairs veer right and wait in the arched entryway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn to your left and proceed down the hallway past the stairs and enter the bedroom.  Wait by the bedroom door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go left down the long hallway and stop at the door to the bedroom at the end of the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk down the hall and through the entryway to the right of the picture. Walk past the stairs and stop in the doorway. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bathroom into the bedroom, turn right to exit the bedroom through the doorway and into the hallway. Then turn left, walk down to the second stair and wait there by the first baluster. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go straight by the bed and turn right. Go through the door and turn left to go down the siairs. Stop on the landing. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk up the stairs, and take a left towards the dresser. Stop right after you walk through the door that leads to the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn to your right 90 degrees and walk into the bedroom.  Go to the right of the bed and walk forward.  Walk in the open bathroom door and stop just inside the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk up the stairs into the bedroom. Turn left and walk into the bathroom and stop. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Proceed up the stairs, turn left and walk past the stairs, through the doorway into the office. Exit the office through the bookshelf passage on the left and wait by the mirror. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Head fowards the front door.  Go into the office on the opposite side of the door.  Turn left 90 degrees and walk forward a few feet, then take another 90 left turn and walk into the copy room.  Stop just inside the door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Enter the office and take a left. Wait in the entryway of the second office with the copy machine. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight past the living room and head towards the stairs. Walk up four stairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward through the dining room. Turn right to go up the stairs and wait at the third stair. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn so your back is facing the brown wooden table in the middle of the kitchen.  Walk straight ahead, down the dark hardwood until you reach the staircase on your right.  Turn and climb to the fourth step then stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go to the stairs and turn right. Turn left and go passed the kitchen table. Then into the living room on the right. Stop near the couch. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the kitchen and into the living area with two red sofas facing each other. Stop just when you reach the black rug. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right at the corner in front of the stairs. Enter inside, and turn left walking towards the dining table. Walk forward, and enter another room. Walk, and turn right towards the living room, and stop there. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs to the main entryway and turn left. Stop in the entryway to the office on the left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go down the stairs and stop wen you are in the middle of the stairways. Turn right and go down the stairs towards the front door. Turn left and go towards the room with the desk and bookshelf. Your final destination is in the entryway of that room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down the stairs and turn right at the plant. Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk into the room and stop in the doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk towards the living room. Continue through the living room and stop on the wooden area just outside the sliding windows. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight through the hallway and between the couch and stairs. Go passed the chairs and stop once you reach the entryway to the outside. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk toward the stairs and left past the couch. Stop just outside on the patio. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn around and go to the end of the walkway, go through the doorway and take a right, keep going to the next hall on the right, turn right, go down the steps, and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk along the walkway and into the building Walk past the shelf and to the right. Walk down the stairs and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk down the curved pathway and into the room and past the shelves. Go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the closet into the bedroom, then continue towards the door on the opposite side and go out into the hallway. Go straight down and then right and enter the other bedroom from the door ahead to the other bedroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn around, exit the closet and go into the door on the left of the bed. Go right and exit into the hallway, go passed the stairs and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Turn left and stop in the bedroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Take a left through the closet door, continue on, exit the bedroom, take a left around the rail, pass the first bedroom and keep going untill you come to the end bedroom on your left, stop right when you enter the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit bathroom and turn right. Go through second door on the right and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Move forward to exit the bathroom through the door in front of you. As you walk through the doorway move forward past a chair and sink to your left. Wait in between the two open doors to your right. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom door. Turn hard right and continue straight.  Wait by the second door on the right. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk down out the door and down the nearest staircase. At the landing, walk straight up the other set of stairs. At the stop of the stairs, move through the nearest doorway. Stop after passing through the door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn left to go through the doors and down the stairs. Go up the other side of the stairs, and go to the first door on your left before stopping. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk to the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs past the plant. Walk up the stairs and across the hall. Walk through the first door to the right of the corner, between the two pictures. Stop in front of the circular stairs. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walking straight down the hallway, and turn left at your first hallway on the left. stop right after you pass through the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk across the bedroom with the bed on your right as you pass it.  Leave the bedroom by the doorway in front of you.  Pass the blonde wood closet doors, and go through the open doorway on your left side.  Stop next to the dining table, which will be on your right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the bedroom and down the hall. Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go through the door in front of you and go right down the stairs. Go down the second set of stairs to your left and stop halfway down the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and go through the entryway. Turn right and go down the stairs, then turn left and stop on the rug in the entryway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Take a right out of the room and walk towards the stairs. Walk down the first flight of stairs, and then walk three steps down the second flight of stairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk through the doorway, and take a right down the hallway. Stop once you reached the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and do a hard right. Continue down the hallway and stop beside the red chairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the room and turn right into the hall. Stop under the exit sign, close to the near red chair. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom. Follow the left wall to the bedroom. Enter the bedroom. Wait by the door on the other side of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and go through the door, turn left and walk past the left of the stairs. Go through the left door into the bedroom. Go around the bed and stop once you reach the bathroom door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk into the hallway and proceed past the stairs towards the master bedroom. Enter the master bedroom and walk around the bed towards the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Head down the hallway and turn right go through the right side door and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk down the hallway until you reach the first door on the right. Walk through that door and take a hard right turn into the bedroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk down the curved hallway and make a hard right at the first doorway. Go past the bathroom and stop in the bedroom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go straight ahead and enter the hallway. Turn left to stop on the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk past the stairs. Turn left at the doorway and step on the first step and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go straight through the corridor with the stairs on the left and go straight into the archway, make a right to go up the stairs one step and then stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn right again at the dinning room table and wait by the partition. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and turn right into the area with the dining table. Go straight and turn right at the door, still going through the dining room and stop at the doorway to the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the room and turn right. Walk past the table and chairs and walk right. Stop in front of the end table. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hall and past the stairs. Go just past the kitchen and stop next to the beige sofa in the living area. 
EDJbREhghzL Facing the big mirror on the wall go left, go towards the stairs, go passed the stairs on the left and go straight until you reach the left of the beige couch and an end-table and then stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the hall past the fireplace. Walk past the staircase towards the sofa. Stop between the sofa and the vase. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and go behind the sofa. Enter the living room and go straight through the door towards the kitchen and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and go to the end of bed, just over the dooway into the empty closet and sink and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the balcony into the bedroom. Head straight and stop in the open doorway to the left. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go through the door straight ahead. Turn right and go passed the sink. Turn left into the hallway and then turn right and continue down the carpeted hallway. Stop in the next room on the left near the bed. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go through the door to the right into the bathroom. Take a left out into the hall, and go down the stairs to the right. Turn left into the first bedroom and stop once you reach the rug. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the bedroom and into the bathroom. Turn left out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn left at the double doors. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward through the hallway, make a left, stop at the first door on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight down the hall and turn left. walk into the first doorway on the right and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk in the direction of the windows. Take a let at the next hallway. Take a right into the first office, and stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk straight down the carpeted hallway.  Stay right, until you reach a hardwood floor. Walk next to the green leather chair.  Wait here. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk down the hall and to the right and stop in front of the chair. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn right and go down the long hallway. Go right at the end of the hallway and stop by the first black chair. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk into the building and turn left. Stop by the bookshelf. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go through the doorway and turn left and go near the desk. Stop on the right of the bookshelf. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Head straight inside the house. Make a left and another left to stop at the kitchen. 
JeFG25nYj2p Take a right, and then your first left down the hallway. Continue to walk down the hallway until you are about to talk in the room with the large red rug. Stop right in the middle of the double doors. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right into the next room. Turn left and walk past the leopard painting. Continue walking and stop in he doorway of the living room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Step out of the laundry room and turn left. walk down the hallway and stop in the double door entryway. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk up the first flight of stairs, and stop at the top. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Walk straight past the long table towards the stairs.  Go up one set of stairs.  Wait by window. 
D7G3Y4RVNrH Head forward and up the stairs. Stop on the landing. 
p5wJjkQkbXX You need to walk through the doorway to the hall beside the kitchen. Now make a left in the hallway and make a right when you get to the couch. Go through the doorway of the office and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around, head into the doorway into the hallway, take a left to the second set of open doors,  turn right into the office room with a black cowhide on the floor, turn right and stop just inside the doorway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Orient yourself so the kitchen area with the dark stone counter top is to your left and the light colored stone counter top is to your right. Go forward through the opening and turn left. When you enter the room ahead and the wooden flooring changes from a straight grained pattern to a herringbone pattern, turn right and pass through the double door opening. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o After you go inside the build walk straight back to the table by the staircase and wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the barroom, pass the fireplace and then wait by the dinning room doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight passed the bar and stop in front of the white table. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk into the hallway toward the twirly plants. Walk through the hallway and turn left and walk through the dining room. Turn right and stop in front of the couch. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go straight passed the vases and then turn left into the kitchen. Pass the table and then turn right. Stop right next to the couches. 
759xd9YjKW5 Enter the hallway with the potted plants, go left into the first archway (not doorway) and go straight and to the right of the white table, make a right into the first archway and then when you are near the rug with the grey couch on it stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go behind you and enter the door on the right. Stop inside the room near the grey chair. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn left and go down the hallway, turning into the first room on your right with the door open. Stop once you reach the rug in the bedroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the railing and enter the last door on the right. Stop by the first grey chair. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall and left past the zebra painting. Stop by the end table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go into the hallway, take a right, and go through the door at then end of the hallway. Go into the left hallway and stop by the glass table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bathroom, turn right and go down the hallway passed the stairs on the right, and cross the room to the left into the archway and then stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and go down the hallways with the pictures on the wall.  They will be to your left.  Go into the bedroom through the open door.  Turn left 90 degrees and walk towards the bathroom stopping right outside the door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go right down the hallway with all of the paintings and into the bedroom. Turn left next to the bed and stop once you reach the bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and go passed the pictures on the wall. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall and turn left. Enter the hall to the left of the bed and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn right to leave room. Walk past the stairs. Turn left down the hall. Turn at the doorway just past the statuette on the right. Stop on the closest corner of the black and white rug. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Enter the hallway on the left with the stairs. Proceed past the art niche, then turn right into the dining room. Wait on the rug by the table. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the steps into the hallway. Turn right into the dining room. Stop on the black and white striped rug. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Make a sharp turn left around the bed and stop in front of the bathroom door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around, go around the bed and into the bathroom doorway and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk around the foot of the bed and stop once you reach the bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around until you are facing the other house, then walk across the deck, go through open door, take few steps, then stop on the rug. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk down the steps and through the door of the building. Stop just inside the doorway. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and go down the stairs and through the screen door. Stop once you reach the wicker chairs. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go in the right hand door, turn left and continue straight passed the stove and sink. Go into the room on the right and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk towards the open door without going up any steps. Go inside and go through the interior door leading towards a kitchen. Go through the kitchen towards the washer and dryer and stand in the door opening leading to the bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past the table and chairs and through the doorway onto the smaller buildings porch. Turn left and walk into the building past the stove and refrigerator. Stop just inside the doorway on the right. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk under the archway toward the pool. At the pathway turn right, then enter the building through the sliding glass doors. Turn left, proceed through the archway and wait by the theater doors. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out on the patio towards the jacuzzi.  Turn right and head inside, walking past the curved couch. Walk towards the theater room.  Stop at the doorway. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk toward the pool. When you get to the pool turn right and go down the steps. Go into the house using the double glass doors on the right. Turn left and wait by the painting that says "hot fresh popcorn" on the right wall. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom through the door on the left. Go straight and stop in front of the double doors to the right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk out of the bathroom across from the tub and stop in front of the double doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk toward the bath tub, and turn left to go through the doorway. Go straight and stop next to the two open doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go pass the couch and the dining table. Go towards the bar and turn left. Then stop in the hall next to the thermostat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go along the white couch and cross the room passed the circle table, go towards the front door and before the front door make a right, go straight, and make a left at the counter with the chair and stop at the thermostat. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj After you leave the sitting room walk through the dinning area and make left at the kitchen. Now go into the hallway and wait next to the glass door going outside. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go in the doorway straight ahead and stop to the left of the grand table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn to the right and walk down the table towards the tall lamp in the corner of the room.  Go around the end of the table then walk directly out the the end of the large table in the middle of the room.   Once you get to the end of the table, you will be beside two black chairs.  Walk to the middle of the hallway made by the two large tables in the middle of the room and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the right of the table and chairs and left between the two supports. Walk into the main room to the left of the table and chairs and stop just past the black chair. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk into the hallway and past the plant through the double doors. Walk to the right of the couch and past the fireplace. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Goright  pass the checkered table with a lamp, go left into the bedroom, around the bed, and stop just in the doorway of the bathroom. 
EDJbREhghzL Go to the right of the chair and lamp, go into the brown double doors, go into the bedroom and go along the bed towards the archway and take a step passed the archway and stop. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Walk past the chair and turn right. Stop behind the white chair. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Pass the table and turn right. Continue forward and stop near the swing. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go around the table and left at the green room, stop at the white chair. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk through the lobby towards the revolving glass doors.  Turn left before you reach the doors.  Walk to the right side of the golden urn. Wait here. 
PuKPg4mmafe Turn left and head towards the open door, take a left right before the door, turn left, go straight a head to the sitting area and stop in front of the first table with magazines on it near the windows. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk to the revolving door and turn left. Stop next to the small table between two chairs. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk across the room and into the hallway. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
s8pcmisQ38h Take a right, go through the doorway, take a left and head down the hall, keep going straight a head to the next doorway, take a right and stop once you are through the bedroom doorway on the right. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom and turn left, pass through the loft and into the hallway.  Enter the room on the right and wait in the doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk up the stairs. Stop at the second step from the top. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn right and walk up to the top of the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk towards stair case, go up stairs, and stop at the top of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk past the bed to exit the bedroom and turn hard right. Stop in the bathroom by the shower. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk around the bed, and leave the bedroom. Take the first right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go through the doorway on the right of the bedroom. Go into the hallway and turn right and stop in the bathroom near the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk past the zebra painting and into the room. Walk left and stop in front of the animal print bench. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn and go down the hallway with the painting of a zebra. Enter the room and stop between the sofa and dining table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around to your left and move forward into the hallway. Walk through the double doors, move forward and wait on the striped rug. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk into the main living space by walking behind the two upholstered chairs in the living space. You'll exit the room behind the loveseat couch, walking toward the white table with the white vase and flowers. Walk down the hallway toward your left with the table and vase to your back. Stop just before the stairwell next to the entry table. There will be a painting of a man walking on a tightrope to your left. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go behind the chairs and into the large entry on the right. Then turn left and go towards the front door. Stop in front of the bench. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go around the room towards the large archway leading to the foyer. Move in and turn left, stopping at the base of the stairs, ahead of the front door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past the fireplace and through the door on the other end of the room. Stop after passing through the door. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk by the left of the table and enter the entryway on the right. Then stop in the hallway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go around the table, past the bookshelves and exit from the doors to the left. Continue straight and stop before entering the kitchen. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the office, and enter the hallway. Stop once you are in the hallway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk between the leopard picture and the glass desk. Turn right through doorway. Stop after passing through doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the desk and out of the room. Walk down the short hall and exit it. Stop in front of the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk forward, passed the foot of both beds.  Enter the hallway, when you can't go forward anymore, turn 90 degrees to the right and walk forward until you enter the kitchen.  Stop just inside the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go passed the beds and through the door. Go passed the black chair and turn right. Go down the hall and stop in the entryway to the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk across through the door at the other end of the bedroom. Turn right and head towards the rectangle glass table. Stop after passing the table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn and enter the living room area. Go past the table and sofas and stop in the foyer in front of the front door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and exit the room. Walk around the sofa and enter the hallway. Wait by the side table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room through the doorway nearest you, and continue into the adjacent room, exiting the room via the exit to your left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right and go through the first entry way on your left. Go to the left of the table, through the left entry way, and move between the stairs and the wall to go toward the door next to the plant. Walk into the room with the two chairs at a table, and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Head toward the room with the table and chairs and then go left to the chandelier.  Head to the opening on the left and go in front of the stars and continue on to the doorway.  Continue on into the sitting room and stop in front of the table and two chairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk out of the kitchen and turn left. Walk past the table and chairs and turn left. Walk down the steps and left down the hallway. Stop in front of the table and chairs. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go through the hall. Turn right after you pass the tub. Stop inside the gym. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk towards the room with the bath. From the bathroom walk towards the room with gym equipment and stop just inside the gym room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go straight into the bathroom, around the bathtub, and into the right doorway to the exercise room. 
vyrNrziPKCB walk past the hot tub and take the path to your right. Go through the open sliding glass door and turn left. Stop in front of the double door entrance to the home theatre. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn to the left and follow the path. Go right through the entryway and then turn left. Go forward passed the chairs and stop near the popcorn sign. 
vyrNrziPKCB Take a right, and walk to the house. Enter the house through the door on the right. Take a left and go straight. Stop outside of the home theater. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the palm tree and into the building. Stop in front of the couch. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go inside through the glass doors in between the palm trees.  Wait beside the couch with a honeycomb design. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go straight passe the water feature and enter the large entry. Go to the living room couch and stop near it. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk down the stairs and turn hard right. Then stop in the doorway on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and make a quick right. Following that, make another quick right and continue straight ahead  until you see the arcade machine on your right. After you pass the arcade machine, wait by the door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and turn right.  Walk parallel to the stairs and past the pool table and stop in the doorway of the bedroom to the left of the arcade machine. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave the recreation area and walk across the gangway. Stop at the foot of the right bed. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left and then turn right. Wait in the bedroom straight ahead. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk straight across the walkway in front of you all the way to the other side and stop once you reach the 2 beds. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go through the bedroom exiting through the door by the nightstand. Turn right and go into the other bedroom. Walk towards the bed and stand by the white nightstand. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk towards the bed and exit through the bedroom door.  Make an immediate right, and enter the bedroom.  Wait beside the lamp. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go out the door on the left. Turn right and go into the room. Turn left and go into the hallway leading to the bathroom. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go past the couches and turn right. Turn right again into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left and then walk past the recliner, continue until you turn slightly right, then continue before turning a sharp right and into the room then stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the room, go down the hall and wait in the room on the right. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the sauna, exit the massage room, take a left, go straight into the diagonal doorway, take a couple steps in and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the sauna and walk through the doorway on the left. Turn left, then walk through the second doorway. Wait in the bathroom by the partition. 
r47D5H71a5s Enter the room with the two beds and walk out the door on the left side of the second bed.  Turn left and go into the second doorway you pass on the left after exiting.  Walk into the room and stop in front of the first panel of the screen in the room. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and go straight down the path. Turn right passed the last plant. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Exit the house. Go straight and pass pool. Turn right and stop there right by the end of the pool. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk outside and then straight down the walkway.  Keep going until you are in front of the door on the opposite side.  Step on the first stepping stone on the right just before the door. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk forward in the direction of the dining room. Veer right, and go down the hall into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
17DRP5sb8fy Head to the left through the dining area, then veer right into the bathroom. Stop near the sink. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go straight and follow the bar, go to the right and continue through. Go to the bathroom and then stop by the sink. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and walk down the hall toward the pillars. Turn right into the large entryway. Go straight around the table and left down the hallway. Stop next to the kitchen sink. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and walk down the hall.  Turn right at the dining room and walk past the table.  Turn left and enter the pantry and stop before the kitchen. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go down the hallway and turn right after the first column Go through the dining room and turn left through the doorway. Stop in front of the wine fridge in the butler's pantry. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn hard left into the first doorway, then exit the office through the first door on the right and promptly turn left. Pass the bathroom area and into the closet. Wait near the shelving. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk towards the room with the leather chair.  Stay to the right of the table enter the doorway on the right.   Take the next left, and walk straight down the hallway.  Enter the closet at the end of the hall.  Wait here. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk into the office, and take a right to enter the bedroom. take a left and go through the bathroom into the closet. Stop once you enter the closet. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the bedroom through the hallway door. Proceed through the hallway to its end, then turn left. Enter the room and wait by the bathroom door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn left and exit the room. Go straight until you get to a large door with a wreath on the left. Turn left and wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go through the door directly in front of you, take a right and go down the hallway. Stop in front of the garden room. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit room through the door next to the painting. Turn left and walk down hallway past first doorway. Turn left and go through doorway. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom, make a left and go down the hallway, at the double glass doors on the right make a left, go into the bedroom about four steps and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn left into the bedroom. Stop by the table. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk right to the living room. Stop next to the small, round end table on your right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards the room with the television on the wall.  Stop when you reach the red carpet. Wait here. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk straight past the red bench and stop in front of the red carpet. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk upstairs.  Enter the room to the left of the red painting.  Wait by white chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk up the stairs.  When you get to the top of the stairs, walk straight ahead and go through the doorway to the left of the red painting that is hanging on the wall.  This is a bedroom.  Stop when you enter the bedroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go up the stairs and keep walking straight through the doorway to the left of the red painting.  Stop when you enter this bedroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bathroom toward the room. Turn left and go out the door on your left. Turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait near the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hall go right and enter the bedroom. Stop once you pass the door. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk left out of the bathroom and out of the bedroom. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bedroom and turn left. Proceed into the kitchen. Wait near the counter and barstool. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit through the door left of the guitar.  Turn left after you exit the room and walk forward.  Stay left and walk towards the leather couches.  Wait by sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bedroom and turn left. Wait next to the counter and chairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk through the room and to the right. Walk through the first door on the right and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and enter the exercise room. Wait there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk out the doorway, and turn in the first room on the right. Walk through the doorway, and stop immediatly. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk outside. Wait just outside the door and to the left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 After exiting the bathroom, go through the arched opening on your extreme right. Go forward past the fireplace on your right, through the doors straight ahead. After exiting the building, take a couple of steps to the left and wait. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk towards the giant leather couch.  Pass the fireplace on your way to the glass door leading outside. Exit the house.  Wait here. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hall and into the first door on the left. Walk past the stairs and into the dining room and stop. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk down the hall and turn left into the first doorway. Continue past the stairs and turn left. Turn right into the dining room. Wait just inside the entrance on the corner of the rug. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk straight for a moment and then take a slight left and walk towards the open door, make a hard left and then continue into the room with the long table and stop. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn left and then turn right after the table and chairs. Turn left when you get to the counter and wait there in the hallway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Head into the kitchen. When you get to the bar and stools/chairs turn left into the hallway and wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go to the right side of the round table. Walk to the mirror. Go to the left side of the dining table. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk in the hallway and turn right.  Walk straight, over the glass floor, and stop just before the entrance to two bedrooms. 
s8pcmisQ38h Leave the room, and take a right. Go straight ahead into the next hallway. Stop before you reach the doorways to the bedrooms. 
s8pcmisQ38h Exit the bedroom and turn right. Then proceed down the hall and through the room to the other side. Stop at the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the bathroom and walk straight across the hallway to the room on the other side.  Stop just before stepping on the yellow rug under the dining table. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go straight out of the bathroom. Continue straight into the room ahead. Wait at the entrance. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom and into the room across the hall. Stop by the table and chairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T exit the bathroom then turn right, walk forward and stop at the cabinets in the kitchen. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Turn right and walk straight up the stairs and into the kitchen.  Stop after passing the two bar stools at the counter top. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn left and exit the bathroom. Next, turn right, exit the bedroom and walk up the first flight of stairs. Then, move forward past the table and stop at the entrance to the kitchen by the stools. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Leave the hallway and enter the room with the dome. Take a left at the dome. Stop once you are in the large empty room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn right and go through the door, go passed the couch and then turn left and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With the display case ahead of you in the next room, walk forward, going past the display case, and exiting the room through the opening on your left. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the refrigerator and to the right. Stop in the bedroom across the hall. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk past the refrigerator and turn right.  Walk straight until you enter a bedroom and stop upon entering the room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Leave the kitchen through the door on the left of the refrigerator. Enter the room straight across the hall. Stop once you enter the room. 
EDJbREhghzL Go straight until you pass the bar with the chairs. Turn left when you get to the stairs. Turn slightly left and continue down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace on the right. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk from the kitchen towards the staircase and turn left. Continue past the sitting room on the left and walk down the hallway. Wait near the fireplace between the two lounge chairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Go right to the hall and turn left. Go down the long hall and turn right until you reach the fireplace. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go down the hallway towards the fireplace. Make a left turn head towards the doorway in between the two white tables. Enter the archway under the Restroom sign and stop there and wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk forward down the hallway, and take  left. Take a right at the round table, and stand in the doorway to the restrooms. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk toward the fireplace and walk left. Walk into the entryway of the bathroom and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go left down the way pass the table on the left, continue on pass the brown couch and stop to the left before the doorwaY. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk past the dining room table and chairs and television. Stop by the couch. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn right and walk to the living room. Wait by the sofa. 
ZMojNkEp431 Pass the table and chairs and turn right. Turn left and pass the large green vase. Turn left and wait in the hallway. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go past the dining room table and turn right entering the door. Turn left and head for the large glass bottle. Turn left and then wait in the hallway right before the stone walls. 
ZMojNkEp431 Leave the conference room and take a left. Take another left. Stop before you reach the stone wall. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the room using the double doors on the right. Turn right and go up the steps. Turn right into the room. Wait near the coffee table. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Leave the bedroom through the door at the foot of the bed to the right.  In the hallway, turn right in front of the windows and walk up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs, walk through the doorway on the right.  Walk towards the glass table and stop when you step on the carpet. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bedroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs. Turn right into the living room and wait there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va With the bathroom to your right, exit the room, then turn left and go down the hallway, passing by the stairs on your left to eventually enter the room at the extreme end of the hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the couch, out the door, and turn right. Walk down the hall, past the stairs, and continue to the end of the hall. Go into the room at the end of the hall and stop. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Stand with the window behind you and exit the room via the door in front of the railing.  Turn left down the hallway and walk all the way to the room at the very end.  Step inside the unfinished room and stop once inside in the middle of the room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and go on to the deck. Pass the couches and go towards the living room. Stop near the coffee table and the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk outside and turn right. Walk past the reclining chairs and into the building. Stop next to the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out the door that leads to outside and towards the pool. Then walk along the pool, and walk in the room with the gray shag rug. Stop when you are on top of it. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the room and turn left. Walk right past the staircase and into the hall to the right of the chair. Walk straight ahead into the large room and stop next to the rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room. Turn slightly left and go straight. Pass the stairs and head straight down the hallway. Walk all the way down until you get to a large room. Stop at the entrance. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn and go left towards the stairs.  Walk past the stair case across the room to the hall.  Walk down the hall and enter the ballroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk past the big number 1, turn right, and go through the the doorway just past the steps. Turn left into the bathroom and stop just outside the toilet room door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn left, walk towards the black sign and turn right into the doorway. Turn left and enter bathroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk straight past the 1 on the left side. Turn right and then right again. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the bed and take the first right into the bathroom. Walk forward into the toilet closet. Stop in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the bedroom and walk through the door on the right side, into the bathroom. Continue straight and wait in the doorway to the toilet room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk into the bedroom and exit through the door to the left of the TV.  After going through this door to the bathroom, keep going straight until you stand in front of the toilet and then stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit bathroom and turn left. Follow railing through archway and stop beside window. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bedroom and take a left. Take a left the banister ahead, and go through the doorway. stop next to the light switch on the left wall. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Pass the pool table then turn left. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Go through the door and continue to the right door and go through it. Then stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the sauna. Exit the room using the door on the far left. Go straight into the double doors. Wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room with two white lounging beds. Walk into the next room with the stairs and two wicker chairs next to it. Stop in the doorway, next to the nearest wicker chair. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk until your in the next room. Make a right into the room on the right. Stop in front of the water heater. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go across the room opposite the brown door, make a sharp right turn, and take a step into the laundry room and stop. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room. Turn right and then right again into the room next door. Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go up the stairs and take a left into the bedroom. Turn around and to into the bathroom behind the bedroom door.Stand and wait just inside the entrance to the bathroom. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn left and go up the stairs.  Then turn right and walk into the next room. Then turn right and walk into the bathroom.  Stand next to the scale. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go up the stairs. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wat at the entrance. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk forward, and pass the sitting area. Veer left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk all the way down the hallway, past the mirror. Then veer left and stop at the base of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the room. Turn left. Go straight until you get to a the stairs on the left. Wait there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk forward past the zebra print on your right and turn right into the opening after the jaguar print. Continue past the display on your left and turn left into the bedroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk down the hall, and take a right. In the hall go straight and enter the bedroom on the far left. Stop next to the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and take a right. Enter into the bedroom on the left and wait there. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the staircase and make a sharp turn left. Walk up to the second step and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go straight toward the couches. When you pass the piano turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Go up two steps then stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and walk straight forwards towards the TV room. Once you reach the room, turn to your left and go up 2 stairs and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Enter the room. Turn right and then right again. Go into the bathroom and wait near the tub. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Enter the building and wait in the en suite bathroom. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Enter the bedroom.  Turn right, and take the first door on the right to enter the bathroom.  Stop in front of the bathtub. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn right to exit the room. Turn right when you get to the end of the hallway. Walk toward the couches and stop there by the couches. 
EDJbREhghzL Go through the door to the right and then go straight to the stairs. Pass the stairs and go to the back of the couch. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn right and exit the bedroom. Take another right and wait at the sitting area with the couches and fireplace. 
5q7pvUzZiYa move along the window and in front of the bed, veer right, head towards the door on the right of the far wall, exit the room and turn right, stopping at the top of the stairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk around the bed and exit through the door on the right of the painting of the girl reading the book.  Stop at the top of the stairs going down. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go straight passed the bed, through the right door, and stop at the top of the stairs on the right. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and turn right. Continue down the hall and turn left into the kitchen area. Once you enter the kitchen area turn right. Immediately turn right again. Wait in the smaller kitchen area in front of the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn to the right and exit. In the hall turn left and go to the end and turn left. Turn right into the kitchen and then take another right and stop in front of the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom and turn left. Proceed down the hall and enter the kitchen. Turn right and enter the mini kitchen. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk past the Christmas tree out of the room and go left at the base of the stairs.  Stand under the ceiling fan and go into the doorway to the dining room between the red and yellow chairs.  Stop in front of the first chair you reach in the dining room. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the room though the opening to the right of the fireplace. Continue forward an to the left to pass through the pocket door opening in the opposite corner ahead of you. Stop next to the dining table with twelve chairs around it. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk past the red couch and out the door. Walk through the living room and past the two red chairs. Stop after you walk into the dining room. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight down the hallway, turn right at the fork and then continue in to the room. Turn right into the living room and stop by the lamps. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway. Make your first right and walk through the door. Turn hard right, go down two steps and wait next to the chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit bedroom and continue straight down hallway.  Turn right at the end of the hallway. Walk through the door and turn right. Go down two steps and stop at the bottom of the steps. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the room, and go up the stairs. Enter the laundry room through the first left door at the top of the stairs. Stop in front of the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room. Continue down the hallway until you get to a stairs going up on the left. Go up the stairs. Turn left then go into the first room on the right. Stand near the washer dryer. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go left down the hallway and up the stairs on the left. Go straight through the door and stop next to the washer. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the living room through the doorway on the left, make a left and go through the doorway, step near the doorway on the right and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the library and take a left. Go straight into the bedroom. Stop outside of the closet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn right and walk out the large door on the left. Once out, turn left and walk into the bedroom ahead. Once in stop in front of the wood door on your right. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit room and walk down the hallway. Turn right at glass door and wait. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go to the doorway beside the sink on the right side. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the closet and keep walking straight past the counter with the sink.  Turn right after passing the counter and stop just before passing the doorway going outside. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and go to the left by the table. Turn right at the end of it and follow the hall, go through the door on the left and stop next to the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk into the dining room, then turn left. Turn right, at the end of the hallway turn left into the bedroom. Wait by the coffee table. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk into the room with the dining table. Take a left and leave dining room, then take a right. Enter the room on the left at the end of the hall. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and go down the hall, passing the archway on the left. Turn into the door on the left and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left and wait in the entryway of the large meeting room. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk down the hallway and turn into the first doorway on the left to the dining room. Wait by the door. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk forward to the dining table. Enter the recreation room through the first door on the left. Stop on the rug once you pass the doors. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk past the columns on the right. Walk past the long wood pew on the left. Walk through the open french door to the right of the lamp on the end table. Wait at the pool table. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go left and then proceed through the wooden door at the end of the hallway. Stop once you reach the pool table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go through the archway opposite the chalk board, turn right and go passed the brown table and through the archway and take a step into the room and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the laundry room, and enter the kitchen. Take a right before the table. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you pass the door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk straight for a moment before taking a hard right and continue through the doorway into the living room and stop near the television. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the sauna, and massage room. Take a right in the hallway. Enter the second room on the left. Stop in the doorway to the room with the lockers. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight through the door, and go through the next door on the left. Turn left into the hall, and go into the first door on the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk into the room with the two beds and leave out the door of the second bed.  Turn left and enter the second door on the left.  Walk next to the screen and stop in front of the wooden lockers in the area closed off by the screen. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh With the BBQ grill to your right, move forward and then turn to the right keeping the grill to your right. Enter the building through the sliding glass doors ahead of you and to the left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go left passed the bar and into the glass door on the right. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn left and pass the bar with the stools/chairs on the right then turn right. Go into the door on the left and wait near the light blue chair. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the vestibule and enter the house. Continue straight past the tablecloth draped table and stop in front of the entrance to the restroom. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the doors, past the table, and stop in front of the sinks. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk into the reception area, and pass the first white table on the left. Stop in front of the doorway to the restroom on the left. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight and pass the pool. Pass the two chairs on the right and go into the house using the large glass sliding door. Wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward, and enter the house facing the kitchen. Stop in the doorway to the patio. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the sliding glass door to your right, move forward until you reach the threshold of another set of sliding glass doors that are perpendicular to your orientation. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Go straight down the hallway. Turn slightly right to continue going straight down the hallway. When you get to stairs on the right turn left. Turn right and go into the room on the right. Wait near the couches. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom With the display case on your right, move forward in the corridor, turning to the right to follow it. At the base of the stairs leading upwards, go through the door that's to the right of the stairs. Turn forty-five degrees to the left and continue past a small mirror to your right. Then enter the room on your right with the wooden flooring. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and head up the hallway and go past the dining room. Make a right turn and go through the open door at the foot of the stairs. Make a left and go through the large arch past the silver mirror. Wait at the corner of the couch. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk towards the fireplace then turn right and proceed to the next room.  Turn right and the dining room and enter the hallway.  Wait near the phone. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk toward the fireplace and to the right of it. Walk into the doorway on the right and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk toward the fireplace and through the doorway to the right of it. Enter the bathroom area and stop outside the women's bathroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk straight down the hall. Go up two steps. Wait at the top of the second step,. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk forward down the hallway, past the double doors on the right. Continue forward and wait at the top of the first set of stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight down the long hall and stop once there is a large open glass door on the right. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go up the stairs, into the kitchen, and stop between the window and the kitchen island chair closest to the fridge. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk up the stairs and turn hard right. Turn left through the kitchen and stop near the window wall. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk up the stairs and turn to your right.  Then walk around the table then walk past the stove. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk forward down the hallway. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Stop once you pass the doors. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk straight ahead and wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
aayBHfsNo7d With the outside door behind you, keep walking straight until you enter a bedroom at the end of the hall.  Stop just after passing the doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk down the hall past the stairs. Turn right and stop in the bedroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go past the half wall and enter the second bedroom on your right. Wait there at the foot of the bed. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go straight. Turn right on the third door. Wait near the bed. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the room and head toward the couch. Stop next to the guitar. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room you are in and stand in the middle of the next room.  Stand near the guitar. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk out of the room and across the room toward the couch. Stop in front of the couch. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the bathroom and walk right past the oven and through the kitchen. Walk past the refrigerator and turn right and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit bathroom and turn right. Walk straight past the oven. Go right past the refrigerator and wait. 
8WUmhLawc2A Leave the bathroom and walk into the kitchen on your right. Go straight between the two counters. Take a right and stop next to the refrigerator. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the stairs and continue down the hallway that is ahead and to the left. Walk past the stairs and turn left. Wait near the doorway to the bathroom in the next hallway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and walk down the remainder of the steps, head slightly to the left and then make your way through the door, continue to walk until you see a door, turn hard left towards the door and stop. 
rPc6DW4iMge Continue down the stairs, then take a dogleg to the left to continue down the corridor. Keep going forward past the stairs leading downwards on your right. When you can go to the left towards the bathroom, step through the opening and then stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the ovens. Go right in the dining room, and take a left at the patio door. take the first left into the hallway, and stop outside of the bathroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk past the sink and into the dining room. Turn right and walk around the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and walk into the hallway. Turn left and stop in front of the bathroom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Go straight. Turn right when you get to the room. Turn left after you pass the table with chairs. Turn left. Wait in front of the door straight ahead. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Enter the door and go into the bedroom past the foot of the bed. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait just inside the bathroom in front of the open door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and walk in the bedroom. Turn right int the bathroom and wait there. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go indoors. Pass the bed and turn right. Go straight into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
i5noydFURQK Walk into the bathroom and then take a right into the bedroom. Wait just outside the bedroom in the hallway. 
i5noydFURQK Walk into the bathroom, go right into the bedroom. Take the first door on the left and stop once you reach the painting on the right. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom, then exit the bedroom into the hallway. Stop just outside the room, next to the beach photo on the wall. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go straight into the bedroom and turn right until you reach the fireplace. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk straight toward the bed. Wait near the fireplace on the right. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right towards the fireplace.  Stand in the corner behind the chair and the fireplace. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Turn left and walk to the right of the bathroom into the bedroom. Walk past the bed into the bathroom and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go through the door and turn left. Make a left and then a quick right into the bedroom. Go past the foot of the bed and enter the bathroom and wait just inside the door. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room and turn left. Turn left at the first doorway. Immediately turn right and enter the bedroom. Walk across the room near the foot of the bed. Enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk forward and head up the stairs to the right.  Continue to the top stairs.  Wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go forward, and take a left to go up the stairs. Go up the net set of stairs to the top. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T With the kitchen behind you, walk straight until there are stairs on your right.  Walk up these stairs and then turn right again on the landing and go up the rest of them.  Stop at the top. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the room, and turn right.  Immediately turn right and walk towards the long glass table.  Wait here. 
17DRP5sb8fy Leave the theater, and take a right. Stop next to the first dining room chair. 
17DRP5sb8fy Exit the room. Turn right. Turn right again. Wait near the glass table with the white chairs. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around into the hallway and go right into the large room. Continue straight into the hallway and stop once you reach the rug in the room straight ahead. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Leave the bedroom, and take a right. Go into the hallway straight across. Enter the sitting room. Stop once you reach the rug. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the bathroom, and make a right. Walk past the round table to the right. Walk past the floor-to-ceiling window to the left. Walk past the art easel on the left. Wait in the threshold of the open door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk down the path and turn left. Stop outside the glass door. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk towards the pool and take a left on the path. Stop in front of the door to the dining room. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn around and walk down the pathway behind you. Turn left at the end and stop halfway before you reach the house. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet and veer left to exit the building through the glass doors. Wait on the balcony near the door. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit door, and walk into bedroom.  Next walk to the glass door, and go outside.  Wait here. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the closet and go past the foot of the bed towards the balcony. Stop  in the center of the balcony and admire the view. 
vyrNrziPKCB Enter the pool area. Walk around the couches and patio furniture and enter the house. Turn left and enter the bedroom and wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk toward the pool then go down two steps. Turn left and pass the patio couches. Go inside using the door on the right. Turn left and go into the room on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk to the pool, and enter the house through the door next to the patio sitting set. take a left in the office. Stop in the bedroom doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd With the widescreen display on your left, move forward towards the full height windows and turn right. Continue forward and then exit the room via the opening on the opposite wall into the bedroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the television and turn right. Walk around the railing and into the first door on the left. Stop just inside the door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn around and take a right after the couch. Take a left into the bedroom and wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Go into the hallway and go left. Go to the end of the hallway. Go to the lamp. Go to the second stair on the staircase. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the hallway on the right. Stop at the bottom of the stairs on the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk up two stairs on the left and wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go down the stairs and turn left.  Walk straight until you get into a kitchen and sitting area.  Keep walking straight with the sofas on your left and stop when you reach the second sofa. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the stairs and go left down the hallway until you reach the long couch. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and walk down the stairs. Turn left. Wait next to the beige couch on the left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Enter the hallway through the door to the right of the bookcase. Veer left and enter the living room through the last door on the right. Stop on the left edge of the carpet. 
JeFG25nYj2p turn around and go down the the hallway on the right. Go through the least open door on the left and stop on the rug. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and enter the hallway behind you. Walk all the way down and turn in the wood door on the end to your left. Once in, stop on the rug,. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and wait next to the white robes. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the closet, and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the closet and walk into the bathroom. Go past the sinks on your left and stop in front of the shower. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Leave the bathroom. Stop outside the double doors to the living room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom. Wait next to the double doors near the room with the two couches. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bathroom and wait in the hallway near the artwork. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bathroom and walk forward. Exit the room and turn left. Walk forward and turn left and enter the room. Wait in the room with the basketball painting. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Leave the bathroom, and office. In the hall take a left. Go past the stairs and enter a bedroom through the first door on your left. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Go straight into the sitting room and right out into the hallway. Take a left down the hallway and go left into the first bedroom on the left. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the closet and turn left at the kitchen area.  Walk to the patio and stop behind the first chair out there near the corner column. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Leave the pantry, and take a left. Walk forward and go to the patio. Stop in the patio doorway behind the first patio chair. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and turn left. Wait next to the first beige chair that's on the patio on the right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go up the stairs, and go right. Veer right, and enter the suite on the right. Stop once you are in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk up the stairs and take a right. Wait in the entrance if the kitchen and wait there. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Continue to climb the stairs and at the top, turn right and exit the room though the opening to the right of the fireplace.  Go through the door opening to your right with the sign "ABE LINCOLN" above it. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the closet and then exit the bathroom via the door to your right. Turn ninety degrees to the right and then pass through the doorway ahead of you. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the closet and go out the right door. Turn right and walk forward towards bookcase with the bear. Stop when you see the cabinet and the stuff bear on the right and wait here. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right to exit the bathroom. Turn right and then right again to go into the hallway next door. Wait there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn left into the hallway. Walk past the bathroom and to the right into the bedroom and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs and turn to the left. Enter the hallway and turn to the right. Then enter the bedroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Finish going up the stairs and turn left.  Go into the first passageway and turn right.  Step in the bedroom and stop in front of the nightstand near the door. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the closet and walk across the hall to the left of the animal pictures. Walk into the hallway past the sculpture on the table and into the bedroom next to the chair and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet. Turn right. Exit the room. Turn slightly left and go into the hallway straight ahead. Continue straight pass the chair on the right and into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn to the left and exit the closet.  Cross the hall to the left and enter the next room. Walk down that hall and enter the bedroom at the end. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Take a left at the door, and go up the stairs. Stop on the fifth stair from the top. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk towards the big black door and turn left.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fifth step from the top. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go straight turn left to go up to the top of the staircase. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk out of the bedroom, and go straight. Go into the room straight ahead. Stop once you pass the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Exit the room. Go straight until you get to another room. Wait near the dresser. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the foot of the bed out the door into the hallway.  Keep walking straight until you enter a room with a dark round footstool on a white rug in the center of the room.  Stop when you have stepped into this room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards mirror on wall.  Turn right and exit through the door.   Make another right, passing the zebra painting.  Enter the next wooden door, and wait beside the giraffe printed couch. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet. Turn right. Exit the room. Turn right. Go straight into the room. Turn left and wait near the red and white bench. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the closet and turn right. Move forward until you reach the corridor with the stone tiled flooring and turn right again. Continue into the room ahead and after entering, veer to the left slighting and stop in front of a backless settee. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right. Stand near the stairs going up on the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go past the fireplace and bookshelf and go through the pocket door archway. Make a left and go through the hallway until you reach the stairs. Wait at the foot of the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk toward bookcase and turn right at the end of the table. Exit room through interior double doors. Turn right and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk along the sidewalk to the edge of the pool.  Stand in the doorway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk forward along the patio, and enter the house next to the pool. Go into the living room, and stop in the doorway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh With the grass to your left, move forward until you can enter the building through the folding glass doors just prior to the pool on your left. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and enter the small door to your left to enter the house. Once inside, walk all the way straight through the kitchen area. Once you reach the washer and dryer, turn right and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Enter the front door on your left.  Once inside walk straight through the kitchen area and stop in front of the washer/dryer in the doorway to the bathroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Enter the building and walk past the kitchen sink. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom across from the washer and dryer and wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the room. Turn right. Go straight toward the couches. Turn left when you get to the couch and go out the glass sliding door. Wait near the black table and chairs in the patio. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Enter the dining area and then enter the living room area. Walk outside on the patio that is on the left and wait there. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Enter the room with the white table. Next turn right and walk towards the leather couches.  Turn left, and wait outside by sliding glass door. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go through the library and pass through the large arched doorway.Turn right and move towards the stairs. turn to the right at the foot of the stairs and pass through the door into the home office. Wait there. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Go into the room and exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and head toward the stairs. When you get to the stairs turn right and go into the office. Wait near the desk. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk to the other side of the sitting room behind you. Exit out the door to your left. Once out, turn right and walk towards the steps. At the steps, turn right and enter the office. Stop when you get between the 2 desks. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Enter the bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom and go into the carpeted hallway.  Turn hard left and walk straight.  Make a left into the room in front of treasure chest.  Wait here. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom and turn left. Then enter the doorway on the left and wait near the nightstand. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight, and turn right to go down the hallway toward the stairs. Walk up the stairs until you reach the top. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go through the door and turn left. Go towards the stairs and then turn left to go up the stairs. Stop right before the top of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk into the hallway towards the stairs. Walk up the stairs and stop on the third to last step before you reach the top. 
EDJbREhghzL Head down the stairs to the bottom.  Then walk to the countertop and stand next to the chairs on your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs, veer left and wait by the bar. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs, and stop at the left of the chair right infront of the stairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk straight. Enter the hallway. Head straight until you get to a picture frame on the wall. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bedroom and walk straight down the hallway and stop in front of the framed artwork on the wall at the end, just after you pass a bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the doorway and down the hall. Stop in front of the picture. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and go passed the clawfoot tub. Go towards the window up the stairs and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Go up the stairs on the left. Ascend the next set of stairs and wait. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and face the blue tub in the middle of the room.  Walk up the concrete steps and walk between the blue tub in the middle of the room, and the white tub on the right wall.  Continue forward and walk up the two remaining concrete steps and stop there next to the metal railing on the wall on the left. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk right around the couches, through the door, and toward the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Enter into the house from the backyard. You'll need to enter the room and go toward the white table with the vase and flowers in it. Walk behind the white couch. You may need to turn sideways and walk to the side while you round the couches. Pass the white table with flowers with it to your right.Turn left down the entry way. Toward the end of the entry way there will be stairs to your right. Go up the first stair and wait there for further instruction. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the couches and into the hallway. walk toward the front door and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the landing. 
JeFG25nYj2p Head through the brown double doors and toward the single chair in the hallway.  Stop in the doorway straight ahead that had a bed with a quilt on it. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go to the right past the chairs and through the wooden doors. Walk straight past the glass table and into the bedroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p walk straight then enter the door beside the chair. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Make a sharp turn left around the bed and into the bathroom and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Move around the bed and enter the door to the right of the bed, leading to the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and go by the white bed. Turn left and enter the doorway on the extreme left. Stop in the entry. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the room and go forward. Stop in the doorway of the room at the end of the hall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the striped lamp, and continue straight down the hallway.  Continue forward and enter the door at the end of hallway.  Wait here. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bedroom and head straight down the hallway. Pass the doors on the right and left and stop at the bathroom doorway ahead. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk forward towards the door, and enter inside the house. Stop at the door mat. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around so that the 4 steps are behind you and proceed straight through the open door. Stop on the doormat just outside the interior door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around and go through the screen door to the left of the stairs. Go to the doorway on the left and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the room you are in, take a right down the hallway, turn left at the next hallway, keep go until you get to the bathroom on the right, go through the doorway and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Turn right and stop just inside the bathroom. 
i5noydFURQK Go into the bedroom and then into the right path. Take the first left then the first right, into the bathroom. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past the fireplace and exit the room through the doorway on the right. Immediately turn left, walk through the hallway, turn right and wait on the stairway landing. 
VLzqgDo317F Exit room through the doorway on the right. Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn right past the red striped chair and go up the stairs. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past the rope line and exit the room through the door on your right.  Turn left and walk down the hall.  Turn right and walk up marble steps.  Wait on the landing. 
vyrNrziPKCB Continue out of the shower, go passed the sink and through the door. Enter the hallway and stop on the rightside of the bookshelf. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the bathroom and stop in front of the bookshelf. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the shower and then the bathroom, and take a step onto the rug near the bookshelf and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and walk down the hallway, taking the first left turn. Walk straight through the doorway and across the room. Turn left passed the white table and stop by the wicker chair. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Facing away from the bedroom, go straight, make a left into the doorway on the left, and go straight through the room, then just passed the counter with the horse statue on it make a left and then stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk down the hall and turn left. Walk forward into the room. Turn left after the horse sculpture. Stop in front of the chair with the rounded arms. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk straight around the outside of the building and stop between the cross statue and pink flowers. 
EDJbREhghzL Stay outside, and walk forward on the tile patio along the side of the house.  Continue forward until you reach a spiral potted tree.  Wait here. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk towards the small black chair to the right. Make a slight left, walking towards the cement statue. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Go left and wait beside the pianos. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Go across the room to the left of the big hallway with the grey division to the right, go passed the red stairs on the left, and stop between the stage on the right and the red chair on the right. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk forward, stop at the table covered with a white cloth. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk up stairs. Turn left through arch and stop under the arch. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn right in the hallway and go ahead up the first set of steps. Turn left, enter the archway and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk through the door and up the stairs. Turn left and stop in the entryway. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go straight down the hallway and into the room at the end. Turn left into the bathroom and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR From the top of the stairs go straight ahead until getting inside the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk straight through the hallway and into the room straight ahead.  Once inside, make a slight left to enter the bathroom.  Wait here. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the house through the door on the left. Go up the three stairs on the left. Enter the bathroom under the stairs. Stop in the doorway. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the house at the sliding doors, into the living room. Continue going towards the stairs, then past the stairs, stopping in the doorway on the right. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the building through the sliding glass doors next to you and continue forward until you can climb the three steps to your left. Climb those steps and head to the opening to the left of the spiral staircase on your right. Stop just prior to reaching the curved door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go straight towards the chest of drawers and potted tree. Turn right into the dining room and wait just before you get to the rug. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bathroom and go left down the hallway. After reaching the end of the hallway turn right and go into the dining room. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and leave the bathroom, take a left and do down the hallway, take a right at the end of the hallway, and go until you get just inside the dining room. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairs on the left. At the top of the stairs turn right and go sraight towards the other stairs. Stop in front of the spiral staircase. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go up the stairwell then go straight and stop at the base of the next stairwell. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop under the spiral staircase. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go straight until you reach the end of the couch.  Turn left and proceed straight.  Stop after you pass the rug. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk towards the fireplace. Stop near the window to the left of the fireplace. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk along the fireplace wall, pass the bench and wait by the window. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk into the second doorway on the left. Turn right and walk into the hallway and stop. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight into the door. Go into the right entryway and follow down the hall. stop in the hallway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around with the columns towards your back. You'll be walking to your left and exit the balcony through the first opened door on your right. Once you've entered the room, you'll again be turning to your right and walking through the first hallway on your right. You will need to stop in the hallway before the opened doors on your left right and directly in front of you. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the only doorway in the room, then walk through the doorway on your right. Stop once you are between the doorway and the toilet in the room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room and turn right into the bathroom. Wait by the toilet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk straight at the door, then after that you can see another door on your right then enter that room you can see the window. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk to the end of the hall with the guardrail on your right. Turn into the last door on the right and go into the bedroom. Stop next to the nearest corner chair. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk past the stairs and turn right at the second doorway. Wait by the chair. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk straight down the hallway, go into the bedroom on the right, and stop by the first chair. 
PuKPg4mmafe Walk forward right of the stair well and left of the sitting area with the TV. Make a right 45 degree turn at the column and walk to the table in the corner. 
PuKPg4mmafe Go to the end sitting area,. go pass the television area on your right, head to the table in the corner and stop at the first chair of that table, face the corner. 
PuKPg4mmafe Head towards the seating area ahead and stop at the corner that is to the front right from the starting position. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go to your right and follow the wall. Go passed the couch and the ledge. Turn right and enter the door on the right. Stop in front of the washing machine. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go along the wall past the front door and take the first right. Go down this hall and enter the first door on the right to the laundry room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk toward the kitchen, at the hallway turn right. Then enter the first room on the right and wait by the sink. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go towards the door on the left of the sofas. Enter the bedroom and stop at the door to the balcony. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk down the stairs and take a slight left. Walk across the room, passing the couch on your right and exit through the door. Walk next to the nearest corner of the bed to the door, and wait. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go down the stairs and go into the room on the left. Then wait in the room. 
17DRP5sb8fy Go in the left side door and go passed the sinks and stop in the doorway. 
17DRP5sb8fy Enter the en suite bathroom and stop in the doorway to the toilet. 
17DRP5sb8fy Enter the door on the left. Go forward and wait by the toilet. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and walk through the bedroom towards the bathroom. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go through the left archway, go straight through the room and into the bathroom archway and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter through the door leading inside.  Continue straight through the bedroom.  Enter the bathroom through the doorway.  Wait here. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the stairs and turn left. Step down to the second step and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go right down the hallway past the paintings and take the first left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the stairs going up and the wooden door.  Turn left and go down the stairs.  Stop after going down two or three steps. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk past the desk and turn right. Walk past the table and chairs and stop in front of the plywood cabinet. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the top of the stairs, then turn and go past the desks. Stop  in front of the bookshelf. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go to the right, passed the desks and stop next to the shelf. 
1LXtFkjw3qL After you walk out of the building walk to the railing and make a right, walk to the steps leading to the pool area and wait. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go along the balcony, once near the top of the stairs stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Start facing the door to enter the building. Turn left so you are facing the sidewalk towards the pool. The railing should be on your left and the pillar and tables should be on your right. Continue moving forward until you reach the steps to go down to the pool. The destination you are trying to reach is right before the steps to do gown to the pool. There will be a wall with a light to your right and a railing to your left. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Turn to the left. Walk toward the kitchen. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. Turn right. Go up the stairs. At the landing, turn left. Walk forward. Stop in the hall when the doorway to the bathroom is on the left. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Turn left and go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs turn left and go down the hallway. Stop in the hallway before entering the next room. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk toward the kitchen counter in the direction of the wall-mounted TV. Walk up the stairs to your right and into the living area. To your left there will be a hallway. Walk into the hallway. There is a painting on the wall on your right. Stop in front of the painting. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk the opposite direction of the brown double doors, and take a left so you are able to walk through the glass set of double doors. Once you walk in, stop once you reach the middle of the aisle and passed the first set of chairs. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn left and walk to the glass case.  Turn left again and enter the next room.  Stop near the second set of chairs. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk past the art into the room. Go into the room beside the table. Stop on the red carpet. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk left between the building and the pool chairs and stop between the pillar and the large windows on the curved part of the building. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk along the side of the building to the left of the pool. Stop at the first pillar past the pair of pool chairs. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around, go pass the open glass doors and around the corner to the right there are three glass windows, stop at the second window of the three windows. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn around, go down the stairs, and turn left at the blue couch until you reach the table with black chairs. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go down the steps. After you pass the glass table and purple chairs on your left turn left. Walk straight until you get to another glass table with black chairs. Wait there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa exit the bedroom then turn to the left. stop near the big glass table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom from the door closest to the sink. Turn left and go straight down the hallway, entering the first door into the study. Go through the study to the door on the right, then take the door into the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out of the bathroom and make a sharp turn right. Then turn left and walk out of the small room. Turn left in the hallway and walk into the room with the shelves. Walk right past the table and chairs into the bedroom. Walk left into the bathroom and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom through the doorway on the right, go straight through the next doorway, make a left and go through the brown double doors, go through the opening in the bookshelves on the right, make a left into the bathroom, take a step in and then stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom and head left down the hallway. Keep going until there is an arch ahead, and turn left from the arc, stopping in front of the front door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Exit the bathroom and turn hard left. Continue down the hall past the living room and take the leftmost branch of the hall. Stop at the end of the hall. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around 180 degrees and exit the bathroom.  Take a 90 left turn outside the bathroom and go down the hallway.  When you come to the two doorsways, take the one 45 degrees to the left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Head straight through the doorway into the area with the large table. Enter the first arched pathway on the left into the study/library and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk away from the bed through the door across the hall. Walk between the round and rectangle tables. Move through the first arch to the left of the doorway. Stop before you step on the rug. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk straight through the door and then make a slight left and continue until you're in the room filled with books. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around and walk towards the exercise bike. Walk to the door frame. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Exit the bathroom and walk straight across the hall.  Continue to walk straight.  You will pass a staircase and an exercise bicycle on your right.  Walk thought the doorway straight ahead of you.  You will enter a bedroom.  Stop by the lamp next to the bed. 
JmbYfDe2QKZ Turn around to exit the bathroom. Cross the hallway, and go into the next doorway. Stop in the bedroom door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk out of the bedroom and across the empty room. Stop in the doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and go through the door. Continue straight and go through the next two doors. Stop in the large room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the bedroom through the door left of the ornate gold nightstand.  Walk forward past the chandelier and enter the room with the giant encased centerpiece. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go through the room past the painting on the right, then turn right into the kitchen and go around the counters towards the dining table. Keep going ahead and stop at the base of the stairwell. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk out of the room and through the kitchen. Walk left of the table and chairs. Walk up the steps and stop on the second step. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go straight towards the open door that leads to the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen through the dining room towards the stairs. Stop on the second step of the stairs leading upstairs. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk through the double doors on the left. Walk to the left of the front desk and down the hall past the leather bench. Turn right past the bench and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go through the door on your left. Walk past the bar and turn left. Turn to the second door on your right and stop once you reach it. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the table. Turn left and go inside. Walk past the front desk and fireplace. Turn left and walk down the hall. Stop at the doormat. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn left and go through the door passed the sinks. Turn right and go through the leftmost entryway, then turn right and go into the hall and turn right. Stop in the bathroom. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk out of the bathroom and to the right. Walk across the hall into the bathroom and turn right. Stop in front of the urinal. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Exit the bathroom through the open door.   Make a hard right and walk forward.  Enter the doorway straight ahead to enter another bathroom. Wait by the urinals. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go to the dresser and turn right. Go through the open door at the end of the hall on the left. Enter the room. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 After you leave the sitting room turn right and walk straight to the last door on the left. Now walk through the door and wait just inside the bedroom. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go straight and turn right and go through door on the right and stop in the next room by the bed. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 With the green painted wall to your immediate left, walk forward into the hallway all the way to the end. At the end of the hallway, turn right and enter the bedroom. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the long hallway towards the square tapestry on the wall.  Turn right and walk through the open door that says "Sunset Room."  Take a few steps into the room and stop on the carpet that is next to the bed and the white nightstand with a clock radio on it. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk down the hallway, heading away from the door labelled "Master Suite."  Go through the second doorway on your right.  The door will be labelled "Sunset Room."  Stop next to the bed in the Sunset Room. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk between the metal stove and white island until you get to the intersecting hallway on the left.  Turn left and enter that room, keeping the round table on your right.  Walk until you can see the staircase and walk towards it.  Face the staircase and walk up to the third step and stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk down the stairs and passed the kitch counter on your left. Take a left at the first doorway on your left, and walk past the table set. Walk towards the stairs, and stop immediatly at the third set of steps from the bottom. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and go through the kitchen. Turn left past the ovens and proceed through the dining room towards the grand staircase. Walk up the grand staircase and stop on the third step. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk around the table. and past the gray chair. Stop by the bookshelf. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go passed the table and stop near the doorway on the right, near the white bookshelves. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk around the left side of the table and walk to the doorway across from the brown chair and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room from the double doors next to the fireplace, then continue down the hall until reaching the living room in front of the front door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and go into the hallway. Continue down the hallway until you reach the living room and go down the 2 steps. Stop just behind the cloth chair closest to the divider separating the living room from the dining room. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk out the double doors near the fireplace. Walk down the hall. After passing two doors on the left, turn left into the living room. Stop near the white chair before the sofa. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk through the kitchen area past the dishwasher.  Enter the door on your right to the laundry room.  Stop just past the door in front of the window. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go straight passed the stairs and passed the bar. Go to passed the dishwasher and stop in front of the tall white cabinets. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk into the kitchen, go past the glass door and continue past the counter. Exit the kitchen and stop beside the sink. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk toward ping pong table. Walk to the right of the ping pong table. Stop by the white bucket. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk towards the projector screen. Go between the tables and stop where the lines on the floor intersect. 
ZMojNkEp431 When you are behind the desk by the hallway go right and into the room with the projection screen. Now walk between the ping pong table and desk and wait by the small desk. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the stairs. Walk straight in front of the stairs into the doorway of the bathroom. Stop at the door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the stairs.  Continue straight towards the bathroom.  Wait beside the door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk down the stairs, and stop at the doorway directly across from the stairs. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Head past the pool table through the open door on the right. Stop at the base of the staircase. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk out of the bar area and turn right. Walk past the pool table and turn right. Stop just outside the room. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and go by the bar, turn right and go by the pool table and turn right at the brown chair and go through the entryway ahead and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go straight down the hallway and stop in front of the second door to the left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk down the hall away from the balcony door. Stop in the last doorway on the left before the wall turns to the right slightly. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go down the hall and wait by the first door on the left. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and go into the hallway then turn left and turn left again. Then stop right before the sinks. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom through the open door.  After you exit, make an extreme left turn and walk through the leftmost door.  Enter through the door.  Wait beside the latticed wooden structure. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight through the door, turn left, and go through the door in the corner. Enter the bathroom and stop before the sink. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Move towards the refrigerator. Turn right after the kitchen island. Walk towards the hallway and stop in the middle of the hallway. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go through the kitchen towards the fridge. Turn right from the fridge and go straight through into the hallway, stopping there in front of a door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk past the island and turn right. Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway and stop. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around and walk to to the right of the table before going through the right doorway next to the tea cart. Stop next to the first chair by the Christmas tree. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go straight passed the table and go in the door on the right. Stop in front of the Christmas Tree. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Turn around, go through the entrance at the end of the table on the right, stop just in the doorway of the room at the first yellow chair. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Continue up the stairs and turn left into the hall. Turn into the first bedroom on the right and stop next to the nightstand with a telephone on it. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk up the stairs and turn left. Go down the hallway and enter the first door on your right leading to a bedroom. Stand by the double doors left of the bed. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom From the top of the stairs go counter clockwise around the hallway. Go through the first door on the right and stop next to the bed in front of the double doors. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom. Walk towards the kitchen and stop beside the refrigerator. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 After you leave the bathroom make a left in the hall and wait in the kitchen across the hall. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom and walk through the dining room.  The white dining room table will be on your left as you pass.  Stop in front of the refrigerator in the kitchen. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk out of the bedroom and make a right. Follow the railing and stop after passing the American flag. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the bedroom and turn right to face the hallway.  Walk forward until you reach the end of the paisley carpet and turn left.  Walk forward toward the American flag, then take a few steps forward into the room and stop about 2 feet from the corner of the fireplace. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go behind you and walk passed the stairs and go passed the american flag and stop near it. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through the hallways with spiral trees. Enter through the open arched doorway and immediately turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait at the foot of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk down the hall past the plants. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop in front of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go down the hallway to the right and through the entryway. Turn left into the bedroom and stop at the foot of the bed. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn left. Go up the three steps. Turn left and go into the room. Wait near the mirror on the left. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the chairs and up the steps. Wait in the first room on the left. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Make a slightly left turn and continue down the hallway, go up the three steps and then walk left through the nearest door before stopping once you see the work out equipment. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Head out of the bedroom and turn right going past the railing.  Go left through the double doors and stop in front of the bed. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bedroom from the door nearby behind, then turn right and go down the hallway. Enter the set of double doors on the left leading to the bad and open balcony. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Leave the bedroom and turn right in the hall. Turn left through the french doors after the railing. Walk to the foot of the bed and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around and head toward the front doors, take a right to the see stairs on your right, head up the stairs and enter the first room, stop once you are through the washroom doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r With the staircase towards your right, walk forward until you leave the carpeting and are on the dark wooden flooring.  Turn right and head to the base of the stairs leading upwards and climb them all the way to the top. At the top veer left about thirty degrees and enter the laundry room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk left and up to the top of the staircase. Go straight into the door at the top of the stairs and stop by the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bedroom and go up the small set of steps towards the kitchen. Keep going and turn left at the fridge, into the laundry room. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the stairs and straight into the kitchen. Go through the door to the left of the fridge and stop near the sink. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go into the laundry room and stop next to the sink. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go towards the front door and head right down the hall. Take the door on the right and stop in the study. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk towards the front door, and bare right down the hallway. Walk all the way to the last right, and stop behind the chair in the office. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk past the couch and up the steps and turn right. walk down the hall and into the room at the end of the hall. Stop behind the chairs. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go down the hallway, past the stairs and two doors. Stop before entering the door to the bathroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk past the stairs and stop in front of the pulp fiction poster. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk past the stairs and proceed down the hallway to the double doors on the right. Wait there near the posters. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk to the right of the bathroom and stop just inside the bedroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn right and go through the door. Turn left down the hallway, turn left again, and go in through the door to the right of the bathroom. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the room through the door and turn left.  Take the first left, then a quick right turn into the bedroom.  Wait by door. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk to the end of the table next to the Christmas tree.  Turn left and walk to the open doorway.  Staying in the current room.  Turn around so your back is to the door.  Walk forward and stand two feet behind the second chair pushed into the table. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go to the right of the table towards the Christmas tree, turn left and go straight and then turn left again around the table and stop near the painting. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Go straight behind the table and and enter the doorway on the right. Turn around and go back into the room passed the flower painting and stop. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go through the storage room and through the path on the left of the stairs. Stop before passing through the doorway. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Exit the bathroom and walk beside the model buildings. Stop by the water cooler. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Step forward, then turn left, walk straight until you reach the water dispenser. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go inside and turn right. Go passed the bed and enter the doorway. Go to your left and walk down the hall. Enter the door on the left and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk into the left bedroom door past the bed. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Turn left past the last picture and stop in the bedroom doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Enter through the doorway on the left, then exit the room through the doorway on the right. Then turn left and proceed to the first doorway on the left. Wait in that doorway, next to the light switch. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go up the stairs and to the right. Go through the door and turn left and stop in front of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Climb the stairs and turn right at the top and pass through the doorway. Turn right again after the doorway and enter the bedroom ahead of you. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk through the door and turn left. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk out of the door. Make a right turn and walk past the long table against the wall. Walk towards the left into the kitchen. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn left and exit the door, turn right and continue until you're near the wall, make a right turn until you're through the door and stop in the kitchen. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit the bathroom and go right past the thermostat.  Wait inside the pantry room. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk straight through the door, turn left, and go down the hallway and to the left toward the bottom of the stairs. Go toward the bar and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk out of the bathroom and make a left in the hallway. Walk past the large mirror towards the staircase. Stop after passing the staircase. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the door, turn left and head straight down the hallway. Go right and continue down the hallway, stopping just ahead of the stairwell. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk through the hall past the zebra painting into the room with the double doors and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and go down the hallway.  Go through the double doors and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Head down the hallway past the zebra and hyena paintings.  Walk past the double doors and wait there. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Go down the hallway to the left, and take a right into the doorway on the right and stop. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Walk towards the wide open door that looks into the bedroom.  Looking at the bed, walk forward and turn right when you are on the brown and grey carpet.  Follow that carpet forward until you reach the tall tapestry on the wall in a frame.  Turn to the left and walk through the open brown wooden door.  Take two steps through the door and stop. 
VVfe2KiqLaN Turn left, go right of the bed, down the hallway, take a right just after the television, and stop just outside the door before the green plants. 
p5wJjkQkbXX When you are standing in front of the couch walk to the outside door in front of you. After you go outside make a right and go inside house. Now make a left and go inside the bedroom straight ahead, and wait. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and to towards the couch that is outside, go around it, take the first hallway to the left to the doorway, enter the bedroom with the picture of gold lips, and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the house to the patio using the large glass sliding doors straight ahead. Turn right and go into the house using the large glass sliding doors.  Turn left and go straight into the hallway then the room straight ahead. Wait near the TV. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs, turn left, and go toward the living room. Stop near the couches. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs and turn left at the bottom. Continue straight ahead and stop at the couches. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the steps, turn left, walk forward past the large dining table and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and continue forward until you read the end of the long tables. Stop near the red stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn around and walk to the right of the desk and long table with chairs. Stop at the end of the long table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk to the right, toward the loft. Pass the last table and wait by the desk. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight. Turn left into the bright white room and turn right to enter the doorway. Go through the doorway and stop near the desk. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk toward the stairs and left into the garage. Turn right and walk into the workout room and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go ahead to the stairs and turn left into the garage. From the garage enter the first door on the right and stop in the exercise room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go up stairs an turn right. Go through doorway and walk towards bed. Wait at the end of the bed. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk up the stairs all the way to the top, and walk through the middle doorway. Stop once you are on the rug infront the bed. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go up the stairs and make a right into the archway to the right of the red painting, take a step onto the rug near the bed and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around, go down the hallway, and turn right to go through the first door. Turn left and stop in the first doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the restroom. Turn right when you get to the wall. Go through the door and wait in the doorway on the left. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right at the end of the hall. Walk through the doorway and into the room entrance to the left. Stop in the entrance to the room to the left. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the restroom and turn left into the hallway until you reach a bedroom on your left. Stop in the door frame leading to the bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM After you leave the bathroom take a left in the hallway and go to the first doorway on the left. No wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the bathroom stall and leave the bathroom.  Once in the hallway turn left and continue down.  Once you reach the end of the carpet, turn left and stop in the doorway of the bedroom on your left. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go past the big chairs and up the short staircase. Go into the room and turn hard left. Go into the bathroom and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the purple leather sofa  and go up the small staircase with the metal bannister on your right past.  This will put you in a bedroom.  There is a door to a bathroom on your left.  Go into the bathroom and stop there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go left around the counter and up the stairs. Turn left and go into the bathroom. 
b8cTxDM8gDG While facing the animal print sofa, turn left and keep walking straight past the Spiderman statue and off the carpet.  Go through the door to the right of the Pulp Fiction poster.  Stop when there is a door is on your left and a window is on your right. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk past Spider-Man statue and into the hallway.  Continue straight past the wooden table and "Pulp Fiction" poster.   Walk through the glass door.  Wait by the window. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go through the hallway and stop after you have passed the glass door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk around the left of the air hockey table to the other end of it, and stop in the corner of the room. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go by the air hockey table and stop by the netting. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk between the hammock and the game table. Stop in front of the window. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Exit the bedroom, go straight up the stairs and continue straight through to the kitchen area and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Find the open grey door and walk to the opening of the doorway.  Turn left and face the stairs leading up to the kitchen.  Go up the stairs and walk straight until you reach the opening of the kitchen counters.  Stop in the middle opening next to the counter on your right and left in line with the two bar stools. 
cV4RVeZvu5T take a right go through the door and up the stairs. go straight and stop by the high chairs on the right, next to the counter. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk along the hand rail and enter the bedroom near the top of the stairs. Wait near the bed. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk down the hall, past the pictures. Once you get to the closet, turn a hard right and walk past the front of the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
JF19kD82Mey You need to walk down the hall until you get to a painting on the left of a man and watermelon. Then go into the entry wall of the hall beside the painting and go into the bedroom in front of you. You should wait just inside the doorway. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the kitchen past the bar stools.  When you get to the dining table, walk toward the long white couch.  Stop in front of the dark pillows on the end closest to you. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Orient yourself so when you go forward, you'll pass by with the kitchen island on your right, then move forward towards the fireplace in the distance. Once you move onto the carpet, stop and move slightly left to get even with the corner of the table. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go left and walk straight passed the bar and into the living room. Walk to the corner of the long white couch on your left and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Continue up the stairs and into the room with the yellow bed. Turn right int he room. Walk past the purple bed and into the bathroom. Stop next to the tub. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn around and walk into the next room. Then walk past yellow sofa thing and enter the bathroom. Wait near the tub. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk straight ahead into the bedroom. Turn right and then turn left after you pass the sofa on the floor. Walk straight ahead, past the bed. Take one step up into the bathroom. Wait next to the bathtub. 
2n8kARJN3HM Leave the room and go right. Go up the two stairs, and go up four stairs of the flight of stairs. Stop on the fourth stair. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn left until you face a set of double doors that are opened with a light switch on the right. Walk through the open doors and turn right to face a blue bathtub and some chairs on a platform. Walk past the bathtub and the chairs on the right hand side of the room until you come to some stairs. Walk up the stairs and turn slightly right to face another set of stairs. Walk half way up the stairs. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and enter the room with the bath tubs.  Then turn right and walk towards the sinks.  The turn right and head up the stairs.  Stop in the middle of the stairs. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk toward the patio furniture. Enter the house through the door behind the chairs.Stop right next to the door. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Walk straight until you pass the wall.Turn left and go into the house. Wait near the round table. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go right along the railing, and then go left once you reach the chairs. Go into the large open door until you reach the carpet. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the massage room, go straight into the next doorway and then stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and walk into the doorway straight across from it, next to the tall green plant. Stop in the doorway. 
r47D5H71a5s Go through the doorway and then go across the hall and stop. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go into the room. Turn right and go into the room next door. Pass the table and chairs then pass the bed and go into the bathroom on the right. Wait near the sink. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Enter the bedroom through the door on the right in the bedroom. Enter the bathroom through the door on the left of the bed. Stop in front of the sink. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go straight into the bedroom and turn right. Go through the next door and into the bathroom in the back right corner. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Leave the bathroom. Exit the bedroom. Stop in the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn to face toilet. Move forward to door. Turn left to exit the bathroom. Walk forward to the bed. Walk past the bed to the door on the right. Stop in the doorway on the right side. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom and then wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room. Turn right. Go down the hallway. Before you get to the large mirror on the right. Turn left. Wait there. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the bedroom and take a right. Go down the hall and enter the kitchen through the first door on your left. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around, then turn right and walk down the hallway. At the mirror turn left to enter the kitchen. Stop at the entryway by the cabinet. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk towards the refrigerator and make a right turn after you pass the island. Go towards the two blue chairs and stop between them and the kitchen table. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out of the kitchen into the dining area. Walk to the living room, and stop behind the blue chairs. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight ahead and turn right to cross in front of the refrigerator. Walk past the wood table and chairs on your right and turn right. Stop in between the blue couch and the wood table. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight and wait just outside the front door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward down the porch. Stop in front of the main entrance. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk forward until you get to the main entrance. Wait there. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Step onto the wooden deck and turn right. Walk forward and turn right again, entering the building. Wait in the doorway of the first room on the left. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk around the corner and right into the building. Walk into the opening on the left and stop. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk into the building. Go to the first doorway on the left. Stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the closet and bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Leave through the door at the foot of the bed and stop once you have entered the hallway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the closet and turn left into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom and wait in the hallway by the artwork. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Turn around and exit the closet. Then turn left and exit the bathroom.  Then Turn left and exit the bedroom. Stand in the hall. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk in the direction of the dining room, and take a left before you pass the table. Take a left, and stand in the doorway to the wine room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk toward the deck but turn left before going outside.  Walk through the dining area and turn left.  Walk to the room with the wine bottles to the left of the large portrait painting.  Stop in the glass doorway to the wine room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the kitchen area and make a hard left. Walk past the dining room table. Make a left into the wine room and wait there. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk forward. and wait in the room with black couch. 
s8pcmisQ38h With the couch directly behind you, walk straight down the hallway and stop a few feet in front of the glass floor in the middle of the room. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go inside and go straight until you get to the end of the hall and you can see a black couch on the right. Wait near there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the room and turn left. Walk through the archway and then turn right. Exit the building and then re-enter through office doorway on the right. Walk past the desk and stop just past the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Leave the bathroom and take a left. Take a right and another into the office.Take a left, and stop in the doorway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Stand so the sink and mirror is behind you and walk out into the hallway.  When you reach the sink on the counter in the hallway, turn left.  When you pass the counter, turn right and exit the building outside.  Walk with the railing on your left and turn into the first door on the right.  Pass in front of the desk and walk through the door on the right of the lighthouse painting.  Stop after passing through this doorway. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Head towards the two ivory tusks at the opposite side of the room, then exit the room through the narrow corridor to the left. Stop once you've exited the corridor and have entered the next room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH With your back faced towards the art easel, walk straight forward past the wooden box towards the two large white tusks. Directly to the left of those tusks is an open door to which you turn towards and your destination is just a few feet beyond that. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go to the statue on a pedestal. Go through the corner passageway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom and walk past the screen and front door into the kitchen on the opposite side of the building from where you started.  Stop in the doorway just after passing the table with the glass top. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk out of the bathroom and veer left. Go down the hall, and enter the room straight ahead. Stop in the doorway to the kitchen. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Leave the bathroom and walk through the opening to the left of the chair. Walk past the wooden screen and the glass-topped table and stop in the opening that leads to the kitchen. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go up the stairs into the bedroom. Stop on the top stair. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Turn left. Go up the steps and wait there. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk away from the pool and towards the stairs leading inside.  Walk up steps.  Wait at the top. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk toward the bed. When you get to the bed. Turn right and exit the room. Continue straight and enter the room straight ahead. Wait near the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn to the left and enter the bedroom. Once inside, turn right and walk straight ahead and stop when you enter the bathroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bathroom, then turn left. Wait in the office next to the desk. 
ZMojNkEp431 Exit the nook, then turn right. Counting the cement slab you're standing on as "one", move forward until you're on slab number "five". There will be a ping pong table on the slab to your left and a long table with a mixture of black, white, and wood grain chairs ahead of your and slightly to your left. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk out of the nook and right past the desk. walk past the glass conference room walls. Walk past the white bookshelf and stop by the black chair. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right at the black desk and head past the conference room. Walk past the white shelves and stop by the long table. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk inside and down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs in front of the crab artwork. 
rPc6DW4iMge Enter through the door next to the AC unit. Go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Step forward, turn right and head through the doorway. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the staircase. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the closet and take a right. Take a left in the hallway, and enter the library area. Stop once you enter the room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around and go to the right, then into the hall. Then turn on the right and through the hall and stop inside the room. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk forward and then right. Walk forward and wait in the room with the animal rug. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go inside using the door on the left. Go up the steps and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn around and into the tan and glass door on the other side on the table. Once you are inside, walk down the hallway and stop once you go up the steps. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go to the let of the table and into the door on your left. Go up the steps and wait next to the red pig sculpture. 
ZMojNkEp431 With the ping pong table behind you, walk down the length of the room.  When you see two staircases, take the one on the right and stop on the first stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight past everything and go down one step down the stairs then stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight ahead toward the stairs. Wait on the second step. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down the hall and stop at the end of the hall. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down the hallway to the loft. Wait by the chair. 
s8pcmisQ38h Stand so the room with the big red couch is behind you and walk straight down the hallway.  Stop in the doorway of the room with the glass floor in the middle before entering. 
JF19kD82Mey Go to the left of the bed and out of the bedroom. Then go down the hall and make a right at the top of the stairs, go past the stairs and go a couple steps into the bedroom and wait there. 
JF19kD82Mey Go around the bed and turn right down the long hallway. Turn right into the first open door. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk past the bed on the right. Make right in front of the TV. Walk past the painting on the wall to the right. Exit the bedroom. Walk the art gallery wall on the left. Make a right at the end of the half wall on the right. Enter the open door to the left of the Frida Kahlo painting.Walk past the bathroom on the left. Wait at the drapery panels. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk past the jacket hanging on the chair to the left. Exit the office, and make a right. Make a right opposite the exit sign hanging from the ceiling on the left. Wait in the threshold of the open door. 
B6ByNegPMKs Leave the office, and take a right. Take a right at the double glass door. Stop next to the first desk. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk hard left around the desk to exit the office, then turn right and enter the first office on the right. Wait near the doorway. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go past the sculpture and enter the house. Walk down the hallway and turn left. Stop just before reaching the orange leather chair. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go forward and to the right of the red art piece, go through the doors and straight until you are in between the chairs, turn left and go in between the red chair and the big silver cylinder and stop. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk past the red sculpture and into the building. Walk past the metal chair and turn left. Stop behind the red leather chair. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn around and walk to the end of the hallway. Once in the kitchen, turn left and walk all the way through the sitting room ahead. Walk out the door to the left to walk outside. Stop once you step onto the patio. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk down the hallway into the kitchen and make a left turn. Head past the couch and stop in the doorway leading outside to the patio grill area. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk down the hallway, pass through the kitchen and head outdoors through the doorway on the left. Wait near the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Leave the recreation room, and go straight down the hall. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall, and stop next to the letter S. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn left into the last bedroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r exit the recreation room, head down the hallway going straight, at the end of the hall, turn left into the bedroom at the end of the hall, stop next to the "ski" sign on the wall to the left. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk through the bathroom and turn left. Walk into the hallway and stop in front of the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the laundry room into the bathroom. Continue forward and exit the half bath room. Turn left in the hallway and move forward until you can turn left and stand in front of the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Leave the bathroom, and take a left. Go down the hall, and into the sitting area. Stop in front of the fireplace. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk parallel to the foot of the bed and exit the bedroom through the door at the right corner in front of you. Pass by the sink on your right and go forward until you see a set of double doors on your left just prior to the wall in front of you. Go through those doors and then stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk forward and then turn right. Walk forward til you reach the double doors and wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and then exit the living room area. Wait just outside the living area, in the hallway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the doorway that is second from the right of the wall of family pictures. Continue forward towards the pictures of the two kids and then turn right and walk through the bedroom and then stop once you walk into the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and then turn right again. Enter the bedroom. Enter the bathroom and wait in front of the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go right at the wall of picture. Take the next right into the bedroom. Enter the kitchen straight ahead, and stop in front of the sink. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Go down the first set of stairs on the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bathroom. Exit the room using the door on the right. Go straight past the pool table. Turn left and go down the stairs. Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Leave the bathroom and walk through the bedroom and exit through the door on the right.  Once in the hallway, walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom in front of the windows. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around and walk around the couches to get to the stairs. Walk up the first three stairs and wait at the landing. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go straight passed the furniture and up the first couple steps. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Go straight until you pass the coffee table then turn left. Go straight until you get to three steps. Wait there. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go to the picture of a young boy and girl. Turn left and go through the first doorway. Go to the opposite side of the bed. Go into the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror. 
8WUmhLawc2A With the wall having six photographic prints to your left, walk forward through the arched opening directly ahead of you. Do a dogleg to the left and enter the bedroom. Continue to the opposite corner of the bedroom and go through the door leading to the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right. Enter the bedroom and then enter the bathroom. Wait in front of the sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the locker room and take your second left into the massage room. Wait there in between the two massage tables. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn left and walk out the door. Once out, walk past the chair and enter the 2nd door on the left. Stop once you enter the room. 
r47D5H71a5s Leave the bathroom, and take a left. Enter the massage room through the door to the left of the stationary bike. Stand between the two beds at the foot of the bed. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and wait next to the second black chair. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Leave the workshop and head to the black leather chair. Stop nextt he chair and the red wicker chairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Head towards the fireplace and pass by it with the fireplace to your right. Stop in front of the sliding glass door. 
rPc6DW4iMge At the bottom of the stairs, turn left and keep walking straight pass the kitchen and sitting area.  Walk outside and stop on the doorway to the patio. 
rPc6DW4iMge At the bottom of the stairs turn left and walk straight between the sitting area and the dining table. Continue walking straight towards the balcony and stop outside the door. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn around and walk into the great room. Pass the dining table and head outdoors, wait near the sliding glass doors. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up the stairs, and take a left and go into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen and stop behind the middle dining room chair. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go up the stairs. Turn left. Turn right. Walk straight until you get to a table with chairs. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk up the stairs and proceed to the kitchen on your left.  Walk through the kitchen to the dining room. Wait by the table. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Go straight past the bear toward the fireplace When you get to the fireplace turn right. When you pass the stairs wait there near the elevator. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn to your left and walk to the right side of the fireplace. Walk past the steps and stop in front of the elevator. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Head toward the fireplace and turn right. Stop in the hallway near the elevator. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Go up the three steps on the left. Turn left and go down the stairs. Turn right. Turn right again and wait near the vanity table with the fancy chair. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the room by walking up the marble stairs, then turn left and walk down the carpeted stairs. Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and walk down the hallway. Turn right at the first doorway on that side and wait just inside the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk up small set of granite stairs.  At the top turn hard left to go down the carpeted set of stairs.  Turn hard right at bottom of stairs. Walk straight until you reach a room on the right. Enter the room, and wait by desk. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk to the bottom of the stairs and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Go all the way down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk downstairs. Wait beside brown leather chair. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the great room toward the kitchen, then turn right into the hallway. Promptly turn left into the bedroom. Wait near the entryway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk forward and turn right. Walk forward slightly and turn left. Walk forward and wait in the bedroom with 2 beds. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk to the kitchen on the right side of the room. Take a right at the first kitchen counter. Enter the bedroom that is through the first door on the left. Stop once you pass the doors. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Enter the building, walking past the stove on your left, followed by the sink, then the refrigerator and finally, the washing machine and dryer. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom directly ahead. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight through kitchen area.  Pass the washing machine wait by bedroom door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk straight ahead across the room. Go past the kitchen area all the way to you reach the door straight ahead. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Pass the grand piano. Pass the green chair and go straight into the room. Wait near the fireplace. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around to walk down the hallway, pass the dining area, then veer right to enter the center doorway. Wait near the fireplace. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk into the foyer. Go straight ahead into the office. Stop in the office doorway. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk to the foot of the staircase. Go up the stairs to the top. Go outside and stop. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Stand so the fireplace is behind you and walk out the door.  Walk up the stairs on the left and continue to the top.  Walk out the front door and stop after stepping off the mat in front of the door. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and walk up the stairs. Walk outside and wait just right outside the door. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk down the stairs, turn right, and walk towards place with a rug. Wait near the bench and piano along the right side of the wall. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go down the stairs, and take a right . walk forward towards the leather chairs next to the table. Once you reach the bench on your right stop and stand on the wood between the bench and the carpet. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go down the stairs. Turn right.  Go past the glass display case and wait in front of the bench on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH TURN LEFT YOU FACE A CHANDELIER ABOVE A GREEN TABLE WITH A DOOR WAY TO THE LEFT AND AN OPEN DOOR ON THE FAR WALL, WALK TOWARDS THE OPEN DOOR ON THE FAR WALL, WALK THOUGH THE DOOR AND DOWN THE HALLWAY INTO A ROOM WITH A BLUE PATTERNED CARPET AND A TABLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROOM. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk through the office passed the table and armchairs. Walk through the door on the other side of the table swith the arched window above. Walk down the hall and into the room at the end of the hallway. Walk towards the circular tables in the middle of the large room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit the room through the only door with an arched, round design above it. Continue straight through the small hall and enter the next room. Stop once you reach the blue mat. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and then proceed to your left.  Enter large room that looks like a lobby.  Head left towards stairway.  Then take another left into large dining hall. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the water fountain and turn left. Walk to the doorway directly across from the stairs.  Stop in the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go towards the water fountain and turn left.  Walk into the big room and go to the left again and into a banquet hall.  Stand near the door and wait. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk passed the foot of the bed and around to the open door. Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. Walk down the hall and into the bedroom with the blue floral blanket. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk around the bed and exit the room going straight to the end of the hallway. Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait in the doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 move forward in front of the television. turn left and exit the room.  go down hallway and step into the bedroom on the left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the open doors and into the bedroom. Walk through the door on the other side of the bedroom passed the bed and lamp. Walk through the hallway and turn the corner. Walk to the entrance of the home and stop in the doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk through the bedroom.  Take a right turn and stop at the glass doors before the outside exit. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the bathroom. Walk straight through the bedroom toward the doorway. Exit the bedroom. Turn right into the first door on your right, then turn right again and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk over the star tile into the bedroom and walk towards the bed. Walk around the bed, and stop next to the left set of windows. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk int past the sink area. Walk of the door and past the statue of a hand. Walk down the hall and past the statue of a bird. Walk into the bedroom area with the wooden cabinet. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go through the doorway to the room with the sink and follow the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the bedroom door. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Move forward past the white coach and then turn left. Continue up the stairs and stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk straight into the living room passing the chair and the couch and taking a left behind the couch and past the dining room table and up the stairs into the entry way stopping on the third tile from the left at the top step. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk between the couch and the window.  Turn left and walk towards the stairway.  Go up the three steps and when you get to the top, wait. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go out the door. turn left and go out that door. Turn right and go toward the table. Proceed to the stairs on the right. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go toward the door. Turn left by the black vanity. You will see an indoor glass window. Go toward the glass window and through the doorway. When your in the hallway by the  window take a right. Go toward the table with the pictures on it. Then go toward the wall with the security box or thermostat. Next and finally you take a right and when you get to the side of the stairs you have arrived. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk out of the bathroom and take a right. Then take a left. Take another right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn around and walk towards the table with the plant on it.  Turn to the right and walk into the living room and stand just behind the couch and wait. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk alongside the staircase through the hall towards the backdoor of the home. Turn the corner into the living room area with couches. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk forward past the console table on the right into the open area. In the open area take a  right into the living room. In the living room take a right, and stop behind the couch near the right corner. 
E9uDoFAP3SH pass bottom of stairs, go to center door on right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and go down the entranceway, heading toward the staircase. Turn to your left and walk past the staircase to the open door way. Stop near the front of the doorway to the hall. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go to the bottom of the staircase, go to the entrance of first room to the left of the staircase, wait by the chair. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Go towards the back of the church, between the long pew on the left and rows of pews on the right  Go towards the pack exit.  Stop to the left of the of the wall which is to the left of the exit, with a brass handrail. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Go left down the hall. Continue to the stairs. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk past fan. Walk past baptismal font. Wait at in-ground baptismal pond. 
r47D5H71a5s Move through pool room door into the sitting area. Move straight through sitting area. Move through door into hallway, turn right, move straight forward down hallway into the locker room. Wait inside locker room. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the pool area and walk toward the stairs, enter the hallway to the slight right past the chair, turn right and enter the third door on the left, wait by the lockers. 
r47D5H71a5s Make a left and walk past the stair case. Walk into the doorway that is next to the short lamp. Make a right and walk past the framed wall art into the locker room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj With the bed on your left go forward and out of the room into the hallway. In the hallway take a right and go down the hall, keeping straight. Then take a right into the bedroom that is the first door on your right. Stop in the room just past the door on the inside of the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Make a left and stand in the door way to the hall. Make another left in the hall. Make another left into the room next door. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn around, go past the bed, out the door and to the right.  Go into the next door on the right.  You'll see a snowman quilt on the bed.  Wait right there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk through the kitchen passed the sink. Turn the corner to the left and walk into the room with wooden walls that is completely empty except for a ceiling lamp. 
29hnd4uzFmX Go straight across the room, then into the third door to your left. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk forward through the kitchen and enter the empty room that is the third door from the left. Stop in the room next to the door. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the door and around the table. Turn left and walk to the end of the kitchen bar. Turn right and walk around the chair. Turn left and walk into the small hallway then go into the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk down the hall. Turn right at the table. Turn left between the couch and the kitchen area. Go past the chair into the hall and go through the doorway on the right. Go left of the family photos into the bedroom. Stop just inside the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go straight towards the kitchen and turn right after the kitchen table.  Walk towards the end table and turn left to walk behind the couch with the kitchen island on your left. Keep going straight beyond the chair on your right.  Facing the pictures on the wall go right, down the hall to the door at the end and walk into the bedroom. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ With the rocking chair at your back go forward on he patio and go down the stairs passing the table on your left and into the porch and take a left into the kitchen through the door on your left  and hang a right going to the white couch stopping at the wall at the edge of the brown rug. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk through the outdoors deck area towards the open door beside the stair leading into the yard. Walk inside the home and continue around the corner into the living room area near the kitchen sink counter top. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk down the porch steps and walk into the covered porch. Go inside the house and wait in front of the white couch by the window. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk passed the kitchen table. Turn around the table and walk passed the counter with bar stools. Walk down the hall and stop near the bathroom entrance. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL YOU THE DINNING TABLE IS ON THE RIGHT AND PILLARS ARE ON THE LEFT, WALK TOWARDS THE END OF THE TABLE, TURN RIGHT SO THE DINNING TABLE IS ON THE RIGHT AND A BREAKFAST BAR IS ON THE LEFT WITH A DOOR WAY IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK THOUGH THE DOORWAY INTO A SHORT HALLWAY, TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT TOWARDS A HALL SINK ROOM WITH A PICTURE OF A SAILBOAT ON THE WALL. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 turn right towards hallway out of kitchen in hallway turn right to bathroom, stop in doorway facing sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk straight toward the wall. As you approach the wall, veer to the left, toward the bedroom. Stop by the entrance to the bedroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past the living room into small hall area. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait in the doorway. 
8WUmhLawc2A walk past the living room into the hallway. take a left then walk into the bedroom and wait by the bed. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn 180 degrees so that the sunken seating area is on your left and the stairs going up are to your right. Proceed forward a short distance in the direction of the double doors, passing two arm-less white chairs. Stop just after passing the second white chair and before you enter the room with the double doors. There will be an opening leading to a dining area directly to the right and a seating area with white chairs and a circular coffee table directly to the left. Stop. 
uNb9QFRL6hY With the stairs on your right walk down the hallway.walk past the chair on the left and walk towards the hallway. Stop at the last set of stairs halfway past the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn around.  Walk down the hall, past the stairs, past the chair.  Stop right there.  Wait. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk into bedroom. Walk past bedroom door. Wait at laundry room door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk through the door by the sink into the middle of the next room. Turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the third door on your right. 
aayBHfsNo7d Exit the bathroom, turn right, then head straight down the hallway. Stop and wait at the second door on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM With the couch on your right go forward past the table and loves eta and take a right to go around the piano and take a left into the hallway on the left of the stairs if you are facing the stairs and stop in the doorway just inside the hall. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk to piano. Make right. Wait at door next to piano. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk toward the piano. Turn right at the piano, then turn left before the stairs and wait in the doorway. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk straight in between the area located by the fire place and furniture. Continue to walk into you run into a white chair with a pillow sitting on it. Make an immediate right and then immediate left which will take you out on the patio area and then wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Move forward along the window into the living room, continue in front of the fire place towards the other side of the room, turn right at the sliding door, then turn left, stop after once outside. 
rPc6DW4iMge move towards the couch. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk passed though couches and fireplace. Continue passed the coffee table and around the next set of couches. couches. Walk though the open sliding doors to the outside patio. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the seat with a tapestry cover. Turn right and walk up the grey painted stairs. Walk straight ahead to the living area and wait in the middle of the room. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk forward towards the bench. At the bench take a right and head up the first part of the stairs. At the landing go straight into the living room. In the living room stop behind the left leather chair far enough back that you are parallel with the light switch on your left. 
cV4RVeZvu5T go down steps, turn right, and go up steps, stop by chairs. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk out of the bathroom and take a left and walk straight, down the hall, into the bedroom. In the bedroom stop next to the photo of  sailboat on your right. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn to the left and leave the bathroom.  Continue down the hallway.  When you get into a bedroom, you'll stop right by the picture of the sailboat.  Wait there. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past George Harrison quote. Walk into master bedroom. Waiting a picture of sailboat. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk to the hallway with a painting on the wall. Turn left keep walking keeping left going down the stairs waiting on the first few steps of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of bedroom into hallway and turn left. Walk down hall to stairway. Walk down stairway and wait on bottom landing. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk towards the landscape and turn left and continue through a door, Go down the stairs until you are looking at the front door. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn around. Walk past the left side of the vanity. Walk into the room with the cordoned rail. 
VLzqgDo317F Go to the table with the mirror above it. Go through the doorway to the left of the table. Continue to the fireplace and turn left. 
VLzqgDo317F Go forward past the stairs, and go into the room on your left. Stop on the red run next tot he far side of the fire place. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Leave the bathroom and walk up one of the sets of stairs on the right. At the top take a right into the office. Stop in the doorway for the office. 
uNb9QFRL6hY turn right. exit room. turn right again. walk up stairs in the hallway to first door on the right. turn right into the den. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Step forward into the hallway and turn right. Walk up the first three steps.Turn right and walk into the dining room. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk forward and go up the stairs that are to the slight left. Wait in the entrance way to the house. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk up the first set of stairs you see. Stop at the top of the stairs on the welcome mat. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Move forward towards  the right, following the circular shapes on the floor up the stairwell into the house. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and walk past the kitchen. Continue straight past the sink and turn left, then right to go out the door into the dining room. Turn left and wait by the wine room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk towards the kitchen and into the pantry. Go through the pantry into the dining room and take a left. Stop outside of the wine room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn left. Walk out of kitchen on right side. Turn left at door. Walk through pantry. Turn left at door. Walk around table. Stop at doorway to wine room. 
29hnd4uzFmX pass in front of couch, turn right after stairs, enter bedroom on far right. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn right and walk towards the kitchen area. Turn right again and enter the rightmost room. Wait by the bedside. 
29hnd4uzFmX From the bottom of the stairs take a right, going past the kitchen in to the hallway. Take a right at the first bedroom and enter, stopping just in the doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Starting in the dining hall next to the round table on your right walk forward until you reach the second square table. Walk forward between the two round tables and turn to the left. Keep the wooden pillar on your right-hand side, walk forward about six steps and wait. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Locate the fireplace. Walk in the opposite direction across the big dining room toward the window with shades. Stop before arriving at the table in front of the Exit sign. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Facing the windows go left and then go straight. Walk to the furthest pillar on the right. Stop next to the table that is second from the wall with the windows. 
17DRP5sb8fy Enter the bedroom, wait at the door to the bathroom. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk straight into the bedroom and around the bed. At the end of the bed take a left, and stop in front of the bathroom door. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk past curved sofa. Walk past bed. Wait at bathroom door threshold. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn to the left and walk past the metal fan on the floor. Turn to the left and walk past the triangular shaped bannister.  Turn right and walk to the left corner of the room by the cabinets. 
dhjEzFoUFzH walk left across church to center aisle, turn left towards big glass window, take two steps and turn right, continue across room and stop in front of wall of wooden cabinets. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Make a slight left and walk past the metal fan then walk past the red chair to your left.  Walk through the entry way on your left and make a right and walk to and wait by the larg set of wooden locked style doors. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk past stove. Make right through open black door. Walk past outdoor dining room. Walk up stairs. Wait at black rocking chair. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk towards the cabinets and take a left. Walk through the doorway and take a right. Walk through another doorway. Walk up the stairs and wait by the rocking chair. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk out the black door.Take a right out of the next doorway. Walk straight to the small flight of stairs, to the top. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk down the hallway with the washer and dryer on your right, walk all the way to the end. Walk through the doorway that is to the left of the sink, Stop immediatly once reach the doorway on the left that leads into the room with the table. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the laundry room and go into the kitchen. Stop next to the counter once you are in the kitchen outside of the laundry room door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn right and walk along the laundry room area. Exit the area through the doorway on the right. Wait there. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs and make a right at the end of the hall. Go into the sitting room at the end of that hall and wait. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs. Take a right at the top of the stairs. Walk straight into the TV room at the end of the hall. Stop next to the door in the TV room. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs and continue straight. Turn right and walk into the sitting room. Wait by the doorway. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk through the first doorway out the three - the one all the way to the left, Walk straight through the doorway directly across from in, in front of the mirror. Turn right, and stop before the long carpet. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn around and exit the study area. Walk across the hall towards the white stone circular item. Walk towards the mirror and turn left on the hallway. Wait there. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk forward with the large round dining table behind you. Walk through the arch on your left and take a left. Stop in the doorway to the hallway. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Take a right and walk out of the kitchen. Take a left and wait by the dining room table. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk through the kitchen past the oven. Turn left, walk toward the table chairs and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk straight towards stove and sink. Follow kitchen around the bar. Keep going forward until you come to a skin rug and turn left. Walk past doorway and wait by window and bench. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk through the kitchen passed the stove and sink, turn right after the island and walk towards the couch. Turn left and the couch and walk towards the dining room table, stop before the table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk towards the sofas. Turn left and walk past the first archway. Turn slightly left and walk past the second archway to the left. Wait by the table. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn left and then a right at the end of the countertop. Take a left and  stop just by the dining room. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk into the dining room and continue past the table. Turn left when you see an opening and walk through the living room.Walk through the living room and continue past the next opening. Stop when you enter the opening. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Exit the kitchen area via the doorway to your slight left. Walk across the dining table area. Turn right and walk past the blue chair/sofa by the Christmas tree. Wait there. 
qoiz87JEwZ2 Walk out of the kitchen into the dining room. Walk towards the doorway to the sitting room. Veer right to walk out of the sitting room to the foyer. Stop next to the blue chair. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk along the patio towards the couch. Stop next to the table that is in front of the couch. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk straight down porch. Stop at table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT go straight behind the rocking chairs,  stop by the round table outside. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go forward and take left and enter bedroom. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk out of the bedroom and  take a left down the hallway. Walk into the bedroom ahead at the end of the hall. Stop once you are in the bedroom, just past the doorway. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Take a left out of the room. Take a left and wait in the bedroom. 
JeFG25nYj2p exit the living room area, turn right, veer left, head down the hallway, go through the double doors into the next room, turn left, turn left again at the kitchen, stop in front of the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right, walk down hallway passed paintings,walk straight through double doors, turn left, go straight, turn left at the kitchen and stop by the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn left and walk down the hall through the double doors. Turn left and walk towards the dining table. Turn left again and wait by the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Leave the closet and take a right into the hallway. In the hall walk straight and stick left passing a cabinet on your left. Once past the cabinet go into the first room on your left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn around.  Walk out of the room, turn to the right and walk through the doorway.  Turn to the left and go through a small hallway, into a bedroom.  Stop right there. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk into the hall and turn left Turn right and walk past the end table. Walk through the hall turn left, then turn right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Leave the living room area and walk straight back past the stairs and to the back door. Stand in the doorway and look outside. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go down the hallway passed the stairs and living area with the wood table. Exit out into the backyard through the doorway. 
aayBHfsNo7d Go all the way to the glass double doors and stop in the doorway. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk all the way down the hallway to the second exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Start moving forward down the corridor. You will pass offices on your left and right. Keep going until the hallway down the hallway until you get to an exit sign on your right and what looks like some lockers in front of you. There will also be a brown door with an exit sign above it in front of you. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the corridor and keep going past the class offices. Stop outside of the area with the lockers. Stand next to the exit sign. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o walk through open door, turn left, walk toward fireplace turn right, go outside, stop outside doorway. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Turn around and go pasr wooden  doorway, turn to the left and go down a hallway.  Go past a bar on the right.  Then go on to the patio, through the big double doors.  Wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o leave sitting room and turn left into hall. walk straight to fireplace and turn slight right toward open door. Go through door and stop on porch. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk up the stairs to the upper level of the home Turn and follow the banister railing around the corner. Continue along the banister and walk into the open room ahead with the couches. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Head up stairs. At top of stairs turn hard right and walk along railing. Continue straight and turn towards a slight right until you are waiting between the gray chair at end of the table and a tan doormat. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Go up the stairs and walk past the kitchen.  Stop at the chair at the dining table that faces the windows. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the bed and turn left. Walk through the door way and stop by the couch. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn right and walk across the bed. Turn slightly left and exit the bedroom. Walk towards the sofa and wait there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go toward the bedroom door and exit into the living room. Go past the lamp and wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Take a left and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn to the left and walk around the pool table to the stairs. Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk past the coffee table to the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go to the bottom of the stairs. Go past the stairs and face the light switches. Go past the table and take a left. Go toward the man at the end of the hall. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and then another right, walking to the end of the living room. Turn left after the table and stop in the doorway to outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right out of the wine room. Turn right past the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and stop by the couch. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the theater and take a right down the hallway. Continue past the large painting and take the next left into the bedroom. Stop when you get to the edge of the rug. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk out of the home theater and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left. walk into the bedroom and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk between the couch and the coffee table and out the door. Turn right and walk through the first door on the left. Wait near the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Leave the dining room and walk towards the painting of the beach. Take a right at the painting and enter the bedroom. In the room take the first left into the closet. 
i5noydFURQK Exit room through barn style door and head straight down hallway towards the painting on the wall. Turn right into the bedroom. Take a hard left through the mirrored door. Turn slight left and wait by the white floor length shelves. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the room and through the hallway. Turn right at the end of the hall way and walk into the bedroom. Turn left into the closet. Stop in the closet. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk forward away from the table and into the small hallway. In the hall go straight and enter the room ahead. In the room go into the hallway with the closet and the bathroom and stop outside the bathroom door. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk through the hallway into the bedroom. Walk around the bed and out the door. Stop in front of the doorway to the bathroom. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and walk towards the bedroom. Enter the bedroom and walk around the bed. Walk out of the bedroom and continue walking through the hallway. Stop in front of the bathroom door. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk forward through the kitchen, heading to the black door. Walk out of the door and take a right onto the deck. Walk out on to the deck and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go through the kitchen and out the door. Go down the stair and make a right. Step through the open doorway and stop. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Turn around walking across the kitchen area. Exit the kitchen area via the black door. Turn right and walk across the second doorway and wait there outside. 
8WUmhLawc2A exit the kitchen and go right. At the end of the hall turn right and go into the bedroom and wait there next to the guitar. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk out of the kitchen and take a let down the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and take a right into the bedroom there. Stop once you enter the bedroom and stand next to the door. 
8WUmhLawc2A To turn right and go straight.Then take left enter into the bed room..near books on the self. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk up the stairs. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk past the refrigerator and take a left into the hallway. Take aright and go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the top. 
rPc6DW4iMge Go to the left and take the first left.  Go up the staircase.  When you're just about to the top of the steps, you should wait. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit office, turn left, go straight down hallway, first door on right turn right, enter empty room, stop by door. 
B6ByNegPMKs To take left side and go and turn at right side first room. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the office and take a left. Take your first right and wait in the empty room. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk towards the bed,  turn left at the foot of the bed, stop in the middle of the circled tile on the floor. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 GO to the left, and to the foot of the bed, turn and go left.  Just before you leave the big circle on the floor, you'll need to stop.  Wait there. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk towards the foot of the bed. Wait at the foot of the bed. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk to the mirror and take a left before you reach it. Walk straight and out onto the patio. Stop once you are on the patio. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the mirror towards the right and walk all the way through the bedroom. Wait just outside the door to the patio. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Take a right and wait by the couch outside of the bedroom. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk over the welcoming PGI HOMES mats and enter the building, go past the chairs and couches on your left. go through the entrance and wait by the plants. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Enter the building through the double doors and walk through the living area. Stop by the doorway to the hallway. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk inside the house. Take a left to walk past the TV and the white couch. Wait in between the two plants. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom and turn left, go past the stairs and turn right then go past the kitchen table and turn left. Wait by the white couch that is facing the painting. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk down the hall and past the stairs. Turn right and walk past the dining room table and chairs. Turn left and stop by the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom and walk past the stairs. Turn right and walk past the dinning room table. Stand near the patio doorway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk straight and go out the door to the left.  Go down the hallway and stop at the first door on your left facing the end of the hallway. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk forward through the door and go out of the bathroom, through the door on the left.  Walk down the hallway and stop at the first door on the left. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 walk away from the toilet and exit the bathroom through the door on the left. Walk down the hallway and stop in front of the first doorway on the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room and walk straight through the tiled area. Enter the next room and wait near the entrance by the suitcases. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the closet, and walk through the bathroom. Wait near the suitcases in the dressing room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room and go past the sink and the tub, exit the bathroom and when you get to the dresser with two old suitcases wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH You should go through the front door and go through the first entryway on the right. Once you go through the doorway walk to the carpet and wait. 
E9uDoFAP3SH turn around and enter the lobby. go to the right and through the door. stop right past the door. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go indoors and turn right into the large room with the pink carpet. Wait there. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk through the door towards the hallway. Take a right and wait at the end of the hallway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Walk forward trough the doorway, then turn right. Stop in the next doorway. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the door on the right. Once in the hallway, turn right and walk all the way down the hallway and stop in the doorway straight in front of you. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom, walk past the beds and wait in the doorway to the hall. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Turn left and go past the bed and past the long couch.  Go to and stop at the doorway on the right. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit and turn left. Walk straight passing the bed, and the cream sofa ahead of it. Walk towards the door that is in front of you and stop there. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go up the three steps then pass the bed and go out the door on your left then wait there. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go into the bedroom. Go through the door on the left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk up the stairs and past the left side of the bed.  Stop in the doorway of the door near the nightstand. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the bathroom and turn left.  Head through the entrance room into the living room.  Stop in front of the rug under the two red coaches. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Go out the door on the left then turn left and go straight through the arch into the room with the red couches and wait by the red couches. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Head into the hallway and to the left. Cross the entryway and wait in the living room archway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk out of the kitchen and past the hallway door. Walk into the dining room and turn right. Stop by the piano. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the kitchen, and walk all the way towards the dining table. Turn right at the dining table towards the instrument, and stop there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go into the dining room and wait next to the piano. 
ac26ZMwG7aT exit the bathroom and turn left, walk straight and turn left at the front door, walk down the two steps and walk to the right of the couches and chairs, turn right and walk up the two stairs and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit toilet and turn left to dining room. Wait between couch and dining room table. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go out the door. Go left. Head past couches, and up the stair. Stop by the table. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 With the washing machine and dryer on your left, move forward through the doorway and continue forward past the bathroom on your left. Stop once you've entered the room at the end of the hallway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn left and walk all the way down the hallway. Enter the room and stop at the rug facing outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the laundry room into the office at the end of the hall. Wait in the office between the love seat and chair. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk around the brick wall toward the seating area.  Go right to go up the two steps then walk forward and go down the next set of stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs next to an open room with a couch in it. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn right at the staircase then walk up the two stone steps. Walk down the stairs by the curious cabinet. Stop next to the open doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go down the stairs and turn right, walking past the piano and up the two steps. Continue forward and walk down the 5 steps. Stop when you get down the steps. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk through the archway and wait to the left on the steps. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk across workroom through archway and to stairs on the left. Stop on the stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Take a right. At the end of the desk on the left, take a left at the stairs and wait on the third step. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room and head straight out of the door on the left to exit the other room then turn left and wait by the chair and sink. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk straight into the room with the 2 stretched out chairs beds. Walk to the left of the room and exit out the door. Once out the door, turn left and stop in the next doorway facing the black adjustable chair. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the door and go through the other door. Go into the hall and turn left. Go through that door and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and exit the bathroom into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom turn right and walk to the door leading out on your right. Once out the door turn left and walk to the top of the stairs and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bathroom toward the room then turn right and go out the door on your right. Turn left and stop at the top of the stairs on your left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn to the right until you face the bedroom and a bed. Walk toward the bed and turn right toward the bedroom door. Turn right and walk into the hall and turn left. Walk to the top of the stairs. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj With the couch behind you and the round table ahead and to the left, move forward towards the kitchen. Stop after you've passed the bar on your right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the dining table towards the kitchen.  Stop on the right side of the counter with the three bar stools. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk straight until you pass a clear glass table and chairs then wait by the white marble table with the three grey benches. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go straight, pass the kitchen area then turn left and pass the table with chairs. Wait by the first column on your left. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Head forward past the kitchen and take the first left at the dining table.  Wait in the hallway between the living room and dining room. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk straight ahead through the kitchen. Once you pass the desk area, turn left. Walk forward and stop beside the column before you reach the front door. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Take a left and walk through the doorway. Walk through the bathroom and into the bedroom. Wait next to the bed. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the bedroom. Take a sharp left. Walk down two steps. Walk forward into the bathroom. Continue forward to the bedroom. Stop at bedroom door. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk through the bathroom into the room with the double beds. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk toward the fireplace.  Exit the room and turn left.  Stop in front of the double doors and tall potted plant. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit the office and then turn left. Go down the hallway to the left and wait right by the vase that is being held by metal base with the brown plant. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Exit study and turn left. Stop at double doors and tall planter. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then go slightly left and straight until you get to the treadmill and wait there. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk through the door and continue straight toward the treadmill. Stop beside the first treadmill you arrive at. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk out of the massage room. Walk straight and then wait next to the treadmills that are on the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the screening room, make a right, go straight into the room with the globe and stop. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the entertainment and turn right.  Keep walking down the hallway and enter the door at the very end.  Stop once you have entered the room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Go out of the door towards the large picture with a woman in a black dress, and turn right down the hall towards a room with shelves, a desk, and a globe.  Wait in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the bedroom and make a left, go straight through the hallway, passed the painting, go toward the red painting and then through the doorway to the left of the red painting, take a step into the doorway and stop. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn right and exit into the bedroom. Turn left and walk to the wall and then turn left. Walk to the end of that area and turn right out the last door. Once out the door walk across the small room and enter the door to the far left. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight until you see a bed then turn left and left again to go into the hallway continue down the hallway that turns slightly right and go into the door on the left. Wait by the white chair. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the living room and turn right. Continue straight down the hall passing the stairs on the right. Wait at the doorway at the end of the hall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Go through the middle of the room, make a right and go passed the stairs on your right and into the bedroom doorway and wait. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Pass the couches then turn right. Pass the stairs and continue straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the entrance. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn left and wait by the counter that has the silver vase on it. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Go straight to exit the bathroom. Pass the red heart bench on the left then continue straight. Wait by the furniture with the stainless steel vase on the right. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway. Walk down the hall and go left. Stop in front of the drawers at the end of the hall. . 
b8cTxDM8gDG Enter the house and walk past the staircase and the kitchen island. Exit the house through the sliding glass doors onto the deck and stop beside the plant in the blue pot. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go past the stairs and into the kitchen/living room.  Walk past the counter. Go onto the deck and stop by the houseplant. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Walk past the stairs and the blue counter top.  Go outside onto the deck and stop after stepping off the mat. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the office room and turn right. Take another right into the empty room and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk out of the room and make an immediate right.  Walk down the hallway and enter the first door on your right.  Wait here. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the desk room. Turn right. Follow corridor. Turn into the next door on the right. Enter the empty room. Stop there. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk forward and make your way up the steps, turn left and make your way past the chair before stopping at the beginning of the stairs. 
s8pcmisQ38h Walk forward and go up the stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs.Go to the next stairway and go up the stairs and stop on the landing. 
s8pcmisQ38h Go up the stairs then turn left and go up the stairs on the left seven steps and stop. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk towards the pool, walk along the left side of the pool, enter the massage room. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk to doorway to the left of the pool stop just inside dim room with massage table. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight until you pass the pool. Go into the hallway and into the small room with the bed. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the gym room. Turn left. Walk inside the room with the graffiti wall. Stop  near the graffiti wall. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave the exercise room, turn left, enter the doorway, and wait. 
1LXtFkjw3qL move forward past the exercise equipment and exit the room through the doorway. Once outside the room, turn left and enter that doorway, then wait in that room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Head down the hall toward the room with a leather couch.  Turn left at first archway and stop at the entrance to the movie theater room. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 go straight down hall to archway on your left turn left and walk straight to first doorway on your right, stop in doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Take your first left and go to the room with the leather furniture and projection screen. 
JF19kD82Mey walk away from the bed down the marble hall, past the bathroom on your right and stairs on your left. Turn left and walk down the hall to the right of the stairs. Pass through a doorway, and walk to the foot of the bed and stop. 
JF19kD82Mey Leave the bedroom and go out past the bathroom. Go down the hallway to the left. Go into the bedroom and stand at the bottom of the bed on the right side. 
JF19kD82Mey exit bedroom to hall passed bathroom turn left and walk to the right of the stairs straight into next bedroom. walk in front of bed and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the room and turn right then turn left and wait by the sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit bedroom into hallway. Turn right and then walk into doorway on the left. Stop in the middle of the bathroom next to bathroom sink. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the bedroom and turn hard right. Then enter the bathroom to your immediate left. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 As you exit the bathroom, continue straight down the hallway passing to the left of a stairwell leading downwards. Turn right just after the stairwell. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk away from the bathroom down the hallway. Stop in front of the double doors. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk straight down the hallway. turn right at end of stairwell. Stop before open bedroom with closet at your left. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Leave the bathroom, make a slight left, walk through the bedroom, leave the bedroom, and wait. 
SN83YJsR3w2 exit bedroom to main room. Turn slight left at fireplace and walk across room through double doors. stop on gray rug next to dining room table. 
SN83YJsR3w2 Go into living room and head toward the french doors. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Turn around, go through the kitchen and up the stairs to the right. When at the top of the steps, turn to the left and go down the hallway. Top in front of the painting on the right wall. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Walk straight passing the kitchen sinks and the dining table towards the stairs. Walk up the stairs, and turn left. Stop outside the glass door. 
XcA2TqTSSAj Head inside past the sink and up the stairs, turn left and wait near the wall painting. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Enter the room go out the door on the right turn left and wait right at the living room entrance. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward in the room, make a right out the door, and then a sharp left turn followed by another right turn, stopping at the doorway. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Enter the bedroom and continue to the double doors on the right. Take the way to the left and wait at the first arch. 
i5noydFURQK Exit bathroom to bedroom, walk across bedroom slight left to hallway, turn left at hallway into adjacent hallway, turn right into first door, stop in front of bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom pass the bed and go out the door on your left. Turn left and then go into the second door on your right and wait by the bed. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the bathroom and talk in front of the foot of the bed, exit the bedroom using the doorway on the left, begin to walk down the hall and turn left at the first hallway, walk through the doorway on the right and stop at the foot of the bed. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk across game room, turn right at brown couch and enter hall with mirror, turn left and left again to wine cellar on right. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the room.Turn left in the hall, away from the stairs. Walk into the wine room and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk past the pool table and turn right. Walk into the next room and turn left. At the door to the bathroom, turn left, step forward to wait in the doorway to the wine cellar. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Take a left and then take another left through the doorway. Walk straight until you get to the blue carpet. Then take a right and walk outside through the double doors. Wait just outside the doors please. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go through the first open doorway on your left. Walk down the hall and into the large dining room with two large round tables in the middle of the room.  Go through the double doors leading to the outside located on your right. Stand and wait just outside on the covered porch. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn to your left and exit the door into the hallway. Go down the hallway and enter the large room with the rug. Turn right and then head for the middle doors leading outside. Stop facing out the doors looking outside. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bathroom toward the room and pass the black curtain, then pass the green couch and go out the white door on the right and stop at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk forward to the yellow sofa thing.  Walk around the yellow sofa thing and enter the door on the left.  Stand at the top of the stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk straight across the room to the other side. Once at the green bed, exit the room out of the door to your right. Once out, stop before you reach the steps. 
ZMojNkEp431 You need to walk to the end of the table and make a left, stop when you get to the end of the light wood table. When you get to the end of the table make a right turn and wait on the line on the floor between the table and ping pong table. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk around the right side of the table, through the pillars into the larger room.  Now go around the left side of the long table and stop in the middle of the room with the ping pong table to your right. 
ZMojNkEp431 Head around the table and go the main area left of the long table.  Go to the middle of the room next to the ping pong table and stop. 
i5noydFURQK walk past the yellow chairs at the island, turn left towards the stairs, stop at the base of the stairs. 
i5noydFURQK walk past the bar and turn left then go stand a the bottom of the stairs. 
i5noydFURQK Walk across kitchen to the stairs. Stop at bottom of stairs. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk down the hall and turn left before the potted plant. Walk to the top of the stairs going down. Go down the stairs and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go straight towards the flower in the pot. Turn left right before the flower pot. Then turn right and go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom facing 2 doorways. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left, then walk down the stairs on the right. Stop at the bottom of the staircase. 
sKLMLpTHeUy walk away from the couch, down the hall, to the right of the table, walk into the kitchen and continue past the oven, turn right, walk down three stairs and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk towards the dining table, walk through the entryway into the kitchen, turn right, and wait. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn around and start to walk down the long pathway of wood floor. Once you are halfway past the bar, turn right and stop at the top of the stairs. 
r47D5H71a5s walk away from the pool, past the elevators, past the stairs and straight through the doorway to the left of the wicker chair, walk through the doorway straight ahead to the right. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn 180 degrees and walk down the hall.  Walk past the stairs and keep going through the doorway.  Move to the right and walk through the right doorway.  Wait inside the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk past the elevators towards the stairs, th,en past the stairs and through the door going slightly to the right. Then take the doorway again slightly to the right and go a little ways into the hall and wait. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the doorway with the red painting behind you, follow the hallway to the left, and walk straight past the bed. Stop in front of the couch outside. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Move forward to the doorway until you see the art on the wall. Once there, change your direction and move onward towards the left. Continue your forward progress through the bedroom. Past the footstool on your left. Continue moving forward out on the balcony and come to a complete stop behind the couch. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go through the doorway to the left of the stairs and down the hallway and into the bedroom.  Walk past the bed and onto the patio.  Stop after stepping outside. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk straight and exit out the door to your right. Once in the room, walk to the left of the pool table and keep walking left until you reach a bedroom door. Stop at the doorway looking into the room. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk past the tub and turn right.  Walk through the door.  Walk past the pool table.  Wait in the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go to the foot of the bed. Go through the door across from the bed. Go between the pool table and the couch. Go to the open doorway. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn to the left and walk through the living room to the breakfast bar and dinning room. Walk through the dinning room and to the dark framed door on the left side of an alcove. Walk to the entrance of the dark framed door that opens to a gold seating area. 
17DRP5sb8fy Turn left and go passed the painting. Continue passed the bar and turn right and then go through the left doorway. 
17DRP5sb8fy Walk past  living room, walk past dining room, turn right, wait by gold room. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave the bedroom and go straight. Take the first left into a new hallway. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Leave bedroom by walking down the hallway and stop at picture hanging on the wall. Turn left facing sign hanging on hallway wall. Walk towards sign and turn left into first doorway. Look at bathroom sink. Wait here. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom and walk down the hallway. Turn left and stand at the entrance of the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room and turn left. Continue into the carpeted bedroom. Turn into the closet on the left and stop a couple of feet inside of it. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the laundry room and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Stop just inside the closet. 
i5noydFURQK After you leave the laundry room make a left in the hallway, and go to the bedroom straight ahead. When you are in the doorway of the room go to the doorway of the closet on the left and wait. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Climb up the step and go straight forward. Go past the glass table.  Stop right next to the five light switches. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit Living area up the step. Walk to Dining room exit. Stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the dining room table. Walk to the left of the grated wall and stop. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go straight then turn right and pass the many desks until you get to the ping pong table. Wait there. 
ZMojNkEp431 Exit the nook and turn right, then walk straight between the two rows of tables until you come even with a ping pong table with four chairs under it. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right and walk around the desk out into the room. Then turn right and walk forward stop by the ping pong table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn and walk down the hallway. There will be family photos hung on the wall on your right. When you come to a glass door that exits the building, stop and wait in front of it. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn around and walk down the hall. Wait net to the foosball table. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk down the hallway keeping the pictures on the wall to your right.  Stop beside the Foosball table. 
B6ByNegPMKs walk forward towards the exit sign and turn left.  Then walk down the hall until you get to the end.  Stand next to the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall towards the red door.  When you get to the red door, turn left, and walk down the hallway.  Keep walking down the hallway, passing numerous doors on your left.  At the end of the hallway, stop in the corridor, in front of the office that's directly in front of you. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight towards the "Exit" sign and turn left.  Walk straight down the hallway and stop in front of the column near the end. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk into the hardwood floored room, heading towards the fireplace at the opposite end. Once you're at the fireplace, turn right and go into the room ahead of you. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and goo to the doorway on the far right of the living area, take a right and head towards the dining room table and stop. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk into the living room and through the doorway to the right of the fireplace. Wait inside the dining room door. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the bathroom. Walk forward and go down the stairs. Stop four steps from the bottom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk out of the bathroom and forward toward the stairs. Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Exit the shower and go to the bathroom door. Go straight towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and wait at the bottom. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk toward the Urinals. Take a left and exit the restroom. Walk by the drinking fountain. Exit through the doorway on the right. Wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Leave the bathroom and take a right. Enter the main room and walk till you have passed the white tables on either side. Stop just right of the small, round table. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o walk out the bathroom, left turn then turn right and stop near the small table. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the en suite bathroom, bedroom and sitting area into the hall. Turn left and wait in the alcove by the fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit bathroom, walk past bed to doors, exit bedroom turn left, walk down hall and wait by fireplace. 
EDJbREhghzL Exit the bathroom, walking past the foot of the bed and exiting though the double doors to the right of the head of the bed towards your left. After exiting the bedroom, take a hard left turn and walk forward until there's a pair of leather covered chairs and a fireplace to your right. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk down the narrow hall to the door and out the door  Walk into the main room turn past some pictures on the wall and through the door into a locker room and wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the bathroom, make a sharp left into another bathroom, step into the bathroom and wait. 
r47D5H71a5s Go straight then slightly right to continue going straight.Exit the room then turn left and go into the room next door.  Turn right and go past the wall with the holes in it. Wait near the lockers. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Exit the bedroom. Walk past the painting on the right. Make a right, and walk past the vent in the ceiling. Make a right through the open door. Wait in the door's threshold. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Leave the bedroom and take a right. Take a right into the bedroom first on the right. Stop nesxt to the door. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go out of the bedroom and take a right past the painting to the little hallway. Go into the first room on your right. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj If you are looking at the round table then turn right and go past the couches and then turn right. Then U turn left and go straight into that large empty room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk behind the long white couch, then turn right down the hallway. Take a quick left, then an immediate left.  Wait by the door in the empty room. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk through the living room area passed the couches and into the hallway in the corner of the room. Walk through the open double doors. Turn around and walk through the open door immediately next to the double doors. Walk into the open bedroom with wooden floors and a chandelier. 
29hnd4uzFmX Walk out of the playroom and wait by the banister ahead. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the playroom and walk straight ahead. Walk to the balcony across from the balcony. Stop in front of the balcony. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the room and walk straight, stopping once you reach the guardrail, close to the top of the stairs. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit the door on the left then turn slightly left to go straight down the hallway. Go up the steps then turn left and go out the door on the left and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Turn left and exit the room. Once out, turn left and walk forward and then turn right. Go up the small stairs. Once at the top, turn left and walk forward out the doors leading outside. Stop once you are outside the door. 
82sE5b5pLXE With the bed behind you, exit the room through the door ahead of you, taking a dogleg to the left and heading towards the short flight of five steps. After climbing the steps, veer slightly left and pass by the opening on your left, heading towards a door leading outside. Stop once you pass through that door opening. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the closet into the room then go out of the room using the door on the right . Go into the room straight acrros and wait by the toilet. 
29hnd4uzFmX Turn right and exit the room. Once out go to the door to the right of the drum set. Stop once inside the room. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the bedroom and last door on the left. Stop once you enter the room, before you pass the door. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom and go left down the hallway towards the three steps leading upwards. Climb those three steps and stop just prior to the painting on the wall towards your right. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the bedroom, turn left, go up the stairs, and stop near the radiator. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Leave bedroom and turn left into hallway. Walk up three steps and stand next to painting on the wall. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk from piano, across living room into dining room. Turn left and walk to living room and stop at fireplace. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the living room area and take a left. Enter the kitchen and take a left. Wait by the fireplace. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk out from behind the piano and towards the dining room table. Once you reach the table, turn left and enter the next room with a table. Once in that room, turn left and then stop in front of the mantle. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go inside, turn right and go passed the sitting mirror, turn right and go into the left doorway near the white and gold painting, take a step inside the room and stop. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Walk straight ahead into the wood door in front of you. Once inside turn right and walk past the stairs. Turn right once you past the stairs and meet the wall with the painting. Enter the door on your left and stop facing the desk. 
p5wJjkQkbXX Go straight and when you get to a large room turn right and head down the hallway then turn right when you get to a white and blue painting on the wall. Then turn left into the room on the left and wait at the entrance. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn right and wait outside next to the welcome rug. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Exit the room and go straight until you get to the stairs. U Turn right and go out the door that leads to the outside and wait there. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Leave the bedroom, and go up the stairs. Take a right in front of the stairs, and go outside. Stop at the top of the stairs on the porch. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Pass the stairs on the right and then pass the fireplace on the left. The pass the bar on the right and wait right outside of the double doors. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk to the left of the stairs that go up and to the right of the fireplace. Continue straight and go outside through the double doors. Stop a couple of feet outside the door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight past the long white table and fireplace.  Once you reach the bar, continue straight through the double doors outside to the patio. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the bathroom and wait on the stairs that are on the right. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall, and start down the stairs. Stop two steps down. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bathroom using the door on the left then continue straight and go slightly right to wait at the top of the stairs. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office and take a left. After taking a left, stop and wait there. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit off and walk down hall, turn left at end of hall and wait near exit sign on ceiling. 
B6ByNegPMKs Exit the office and go straight until you get to the end of the hallway then turn left and wait there by the door on the left. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn left and follow the rope. At the end turn left and follow the red carpet to the end. At the end, turn right and stop in front of the white and gold table. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk past the roped-off furniture display across from the four white columns. Head down the hallway. go past the two fire extinguishers sitting on the floor to the left and then make a right turn. Step over the rope and stop by the round white table. 
VLzqgDo317F Follow the stanchions and the red carpet straight through the doors into a narrow hall that bring you to another large room.  Step onto the cream and rose rug and wait. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the room and turn right into the bedroom.  Walk through the room, past the painting of the girl, and go outside.  Stop near the chairs on the deck. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Exit the bedroom and enter the bedroom on the right, go through the bedroom and go right into the glass doorway, take a step outside and then stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave this bedroom, and enter the one on the right. Walk out onto the balcony Stop Once you are outside. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the desk toward the reclining chairs and turn left after passing the hollow squared wall. Walk down the hall and into the second door from the right. Stop just inside the door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk forward past the framed glass dividing wall on the left. Turn left past the dividing wall and walk past the wicker hamper on the right. Continue down the hallway and turn into the massage room on the right. Wait near the massage tables. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn right and then turn left after the partition. Turn right into the massage room and wait there next to the phone. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn right at the white bookshelf. Wait next to the desk that is next to a set of stairs. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go into the dining area and walk past the small white bookshelves and keep going until you see some bookshelves under the stairs with a blue background. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk straight into the large room in front of you. Once in turn right and walk to the other end of the very long and narrow wood table. Once you reach the end, stop facing the work area. 
82sE5b5pLXE Leave the room and head towards the piano. Enter the office area behind the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk out of the room and take a left. Walk past the piano and wait next to the bookshelf. 
82sE5b5pLXE Exit room, go along the wall toward the piano, turn right before the piano, turn right into the bookshelf room and stop. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk towards the pillars and stop just before you get to the opening to the house. 
vyrNrziPKCB Head towards the couch and table set. Go past it and wait in the area in front of the open sliding glass doors without entering the house. 
vyrNrziPKCB Turn to your right and walk along the patio towards the patio furniture.  Walk past the seating area and wait behind the last sofa under the ceiling fan. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk forward and towards the left side of the staircase. Enter the door and keep walking until you reach the bedroom. Turn right and enter the door to the right side of the bed. Stop in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk past the stairs and down the hall to the bedroom. Wait in the doorway, next to the bed. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight and into the bedroom to the left of the stairs. Stop in the large doorway to the right of the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 walk away from couches, towards front door, turn right and turn left down the hallway before giant white doors, walk straight through doorway,turn right, turn left before you reach the dining table, walk through doorway to home gym and stop. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn around and walk towards the kitchen. Proceed through the kitchen into the room with the stationary bike and treadmill. Stop in front of the stationary bike. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go across the room beyond the stairs, and down the narrow hall and through the kitchen.  Wait at the door to the gym. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight until you get to the the third to the last round table and wait there. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Cross to the second table across the way. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk straight ahead across the patio area and stop in front of the window past the last door on the right. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Walk up the steps, past the rocking chairs and stop in the doorway into the building. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ With the stairs leading down to your left, move forward and climb the four steps to the higher porch. Continue forward and stand in the entrance to the building on your right. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Go straight and go up the steps. Walk past the 3 rocking chairs and enter the doorway on the right. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go indoors. Walk past the couches and into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen and then wait near the black glass table with the chairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk inside towards the chairs and go straight through the sitting area into the kitchen area.  Walk past the kitchen area and stop in front of the potted plant right next to the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the house through the patio doors and walk through the living room.  Then walk past the kitchen and enter the dinning room.  Wait near the table. 
sKLMLpTHeUy walk away from closet, past sinks, turn right into bedroom, stop in front of doorway on right. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go straight through the bathroom through the door on the right toward the bedroom. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the bathroom and out of the door into the bedroom. Stand at the corner of the rug next to the doorway to the hallway. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the shower. Go straight to exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near the sink. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the shower and out of the bathroom into the home theater.  Exit theater to the right and follow the carpet to reach the other bathroom on the right. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the shower and enter the theater room.  Then turn right and walk into the hallway. Proceed down the hallway and enter the bath room on your right.  Wait near the sink. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn around and walk toward the closet, veering to the right to go down the hall. Stop in the open glass doorway. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Exit bedroom, turn left and stop at double glass doors near stairs. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Stop before you exit through the ornate glass doors. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit the room and go down the hall to the kitchen. Wait in front of the love seat, by the window. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Exit through bedroom door. Walk towards striped chair.  Wait by sofa. 
jh4fc5c5qoQ Leave the bedroom, and enter the kitchen. Walk forward, and take a left at the couch. Stop in front of the window. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn around and exit the door to your right. Once out, turn left and walk across the kitchen. Turn right into the dining room and out the other side. Once out turn left and walk to the first door on your right. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Turn to the right and then take your next right. Turn left in the kitchen and pass the kitchen table. Then turn right and take your next immediate left and stop in the door. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Pass the sink and leave the laundry room. Enter the kitchen, and take a left. Walk out of the kitchen through the door on the right. Take a left, and enter the bedroom through the first door on the right. Stop in the doorway. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn left and go through the kitchen. Go past the table and chairs and wait near the stairs on the right. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Keep walking forward and turn right to exit. Enter the kitchen, and keep walking forward passing the small corner table with four chairs on the right. Enter the corner where the staircase is visible, and stop in front of the stairs. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Leave the laundry room, and take a right. Enter the kitchen and go left. Leave the kitchen, and enter the TV room on the left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go out of the room an take an immediate left. When you reach the hallway, go right. The second door on the left is a powder room, go in and wait there. 
ac26ZMwG7aT enter the room then turn left walk straight then turn right enter the second door wait in the bathroom. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bedroom and turn left to exit the sitting room. Turn right in the hall and enter the bathroom, which is on the left across from the first window. 
ZMojNkEp431 Walk down stairs, turn right and wait next to unicycle. 
ZMojNkEp431 Turn left and go down the steps on the left. Turn right and wait near the unicycle. 
ZMojNkEp431 Go down the stairs and then turn right. Go stand behind the easel by a unicycle next to a door. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and walk straight. Turn into the room on the left with the black desk and big window. Stop by the rug. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and walk to the end of the long table with chairs. At the end turn left and enter the sitting room and stop. 
aayBHfsNo7d walk past staircase, turn left at dining table and stop in front of desk. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the kitchen. Stop on the balcony, next to the first couch with black and white cushions. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the table and enter the doorway to the left. Walk straight through the kitchen area and stop once you reach the first couch in the outside area. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Go around the table to the left and go straight through the doorway into the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen and stop in front of the grey sofa with zebra pillows on it. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Head upstairs and wait in the doorway near the bedroom. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the bottle of champagne on the the table to the left. Make a right opposite the back of the black leather chair. Walk up stairs. Wait at the arched doorway at the top of the stair landing. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, turn right and enter the door to the left. Turn left and go up to the top of the stairs. At the stop of the stairs, turn left and stop right in front of the door to the bedroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk outside and pass the outdoor furniture.  Make a left before you reach the table, and enter the inside room on the left.  Wait here. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Turn around and exit on to the terrace. Cross the grey couches and turn left to enter the house gain. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the house and walk past the lounges on the patio.Wait at the doorway to the office on the left. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk down the hall and wait in the doorway to the dining area. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk past the bed and continue forward, turning left at the first turn and stop at the door. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go forward past the bed. Turn right through door. Stop just inside door. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go straight down the hallway. Turn left on the last door. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the entrance. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and walk straight. Turn around and walk out of the bathroom and walk over towards the bedroom closet. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and go to the end of the hallway where the plant is and turn left to enter the bedroom. Once in the bedroom turn left to enter the bathroom. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A With the dining table on your right and ahead of you, exit the room through the opening to your left, then continue down the hallway to your right. At the end of the hallway, turn left and continue forward. Just before the end of the hallway with the pictures of a young girl and boy on the wall, take a dogleg to the left and enter the bedroom. Walk past the foot of the bed and enter the bathroom to the right of the head of the bed. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn around and walk down the hallway. Turn left and Go into the bedroom on the left. Walk through the door in the corner to go into the bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Keep walking forward, and turn left at the first corner. Walk straight towards a bedroom in front of you. Enter inside, and pass the bed, and turn left to enter the bathroom, and stop there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn around and make a slight right turn through the doors, continue walking straight and go through the door that looks into the living room. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Enter room directly left of the mirror.  Walk across carpet and enter the passage on the left.  Wait near first door on the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Turn toward the mirror, and go out of the door on the left. Walk straight forward and go into the room straight across. Stop before you enter the room at the end of the hall. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go straight through the room into the hallway. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and enter the room with the round mirror on the wall. Enter the doorway directly ahead, then turn left and pass through the open doorway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and exit the room. Pass the table and chairs and go through the doorway. Turn left into the next room and wait by the light switches. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn left and go through the open door. Go left into the hall and turn left. Go all the way to the end of the hall and stop in the open door. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn around and walk out the door to the left of the TV. Once out turn left and walk forward past the bookshelf and turn left.  Walk all the way down the hallway and into the door at the end. Stop once inside the closet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Leave the room, then take the left door in the next room.  Turn left and go all the way down the hallway into the walk-in closet. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the room and turn left. Go past the wall sculpture and veer a little left. Keep going and wait in the doorway to the left of the mirror. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the massage room and turn left in the foyer.  Then walk down the hall and wait near the women's locker room door. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room. Once you are in the large room ,turn left and enter the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway and into the room with chairs. Once in the room, turn right and enter the door straight ahead and stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Stand with the bed behind you and exit the room through the door on the right by the white flowers.  Walk over the black square floor decoration and over the red carpet and stop in the doorway to the left of the two chairs. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk out the door to your left. Once out the door, walk across the room and stop in the doorway of the double doors on your left. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and walk into the living room.  Walk past the sofa and stand near the double doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the bed. Straight into the hallway. Go straight and slightly left until you get to a room with white couches. Turn left and walk toward the round table. Wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Exit the bedroom and enter the living room.  Stand by the sofa near the patio doors. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Turn right and exit the bedroom and pass the door on the left. Enter the living room area on the left and turn left. Wait by the door and table. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the corridor and wait at the end, near the exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go straight down the hallway and stop in front of the big white pillar. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk forward down the hall with the door at your back. Stop under the light at the end of the hall. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go through the doorway with metal art above it. Go through the next doorway into the kitchen and stop. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Go around the dining room table and head for the narrow archway in the dining room connecting the kitchen. Just you enter the kitchen stop and wait there. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk right around the table and chairs and into the entryway. Stop just inside the kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Step through the door and then take a right past the shelves, enter the nearest open door and into the bathroom, walk towards the bath tub and stop once you've reached the shower. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the media room and take a hard left. Head towards the bathroom on the left. Go to the tub and turn left. Wait in front of the shower. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room and walk through the doorway on the left. Go into the bathroom and wait by the shower. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh walk into the house with the pool on your left.  stop at the black strip of tile on the floor. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk along stone path towards house.  Enter through large glass doors.  Walk to long black dining. table.  Wait here. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk into the house through the middle door, into the living and dining room. Stop once you enter the house. 
VLzqgDo317F Walk toward the mirror and through the doorway on the right. Walk across the room and stop in the doorway. 
VLzqgDo317F Go to the mirror. Follow the red carpet straight to the clock. Go through the doorway on the right side of the clock and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn right to enter the brown door. Enter inside, and walk forward all the way towards another door that is in front of you. Stop between the two doors. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and turn right by the bedroom. Go in the door immediately and go down the hall. Stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway. Stop just outside the bedroom. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Exit the hotel room and wait in the hall. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj walk out of the bedroom and stop outside the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj walk forward and stop after exiting the room. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go straight. Go out side to the balcony using the large glass sliding doors and wait there. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit bathroom through door.  Walk to chair on balcony.  Wait here. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the bathroom and walk onto the deck. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Turn to the right and walk towards the door passing by the cheetah painting. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk through the office and out into the hallway. Wait in the living room near the sofa. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Leave the office and go left in the hallway. Stop before you reach the rug. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and go to the right of the room divider, keep going all the way down past the chair on the right, and into the hallway on the right and stop. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Walk along the glass wall and turn the corner walking past a wooden framed dividing wall. Continue through the next room past a lounge chair and dining table. Walk by a second long chair against the wall and walk through the open door on the other side of it into a hallway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn left and walk past the dining room table.   Walk past a large chair and then turn right.  Enter the hallway and wait near the door. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go into the garage. Turn right and go into the fitness room. From the fitness room, turn right and go into the shower room. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight into the garage. Turn right and go into the room. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Walk into the garage and enter the fitness room on the right. Go into the bathroom through the first door on the right. Stop in front of the toilet. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk straight past the fireplace. Turn slightly left and go straight down the hallway. Turn right and go into the kitchen. Wait there. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk past the fireplace and chair and into the hallway. Veer left and walk past the end table. Walk past the stairs and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Turn right and walk along the hallway. Turn slightly left and walk towards the stairs. Turn slightly right and walk towards the kitchen area. Wait by the painting in the kitchen area. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Walk forward to the end of the hall, then turn left.  Enter the bedroom and wait near the chair. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Stand so the feather artwork is on your left and walk straight into the room with the purple zigzag walls.  Turn left upon entering the room and turn right in front of the sign that says "SKI".  Walk towards the white chair and stop in front of the door to the bathroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r walk towards the picture on the wall and turn left, turn right, then wait near the bathroom. 
2n8kARJN3HM Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk around the bed and turn left outside the bedroom. Walk right through the entryway and walk to the top of the stairs and stop. 
2n8kARJN3HM Cross through the bedroom into the hallway and make a left, then head through the archway to the stair landing. Stop and wait near the door. 
2n8kARJN3HM Turn all the way around and walk through the door into the bedroom. Walk to the right around the bed and exit through the door. Turn left slightly and walk towards the double doors leading outside. Stop a couple of from the doors. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the floral couch.  Exit through door.  Walk straight until you reach a wooden chest on the floor.  Turn left, and walk out the door with crucifix.  Wait by doormat. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk past the couch on the left. Go straight until you get to a large door on the left. Go out that door and wait outside. 
cV4RVeZvu5T walk past the sofa, turn left, then walk outside and stand on the door mat and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Go to your right and go past the kitchen and go to the left of the bar. Just past the bar, go into the bedroom on the left. GO a few steps into the room and wait there. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Head toward dinning area walk past then make a left and enter bedroom area, and wait. 
Vvot9Ly1tCj Walk past the island and to the left. Walk through the entryway on the left and stop inside the bedroom. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk straight into main lobby, stop in archway on the right. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight until you get to the round table then turn slightly right and walk toward the stairs. After you pass the stairs wait there. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Exit current room and walk past staircase and wait by first door next to the left stair case. 
rPc6DW4iMge Leave the rooftop by heading downstairs.  Wait at the bottom of the stairway, directly in from of the two framed works of art. 
rPc6DW4iMge Turn right and walk down the view steps. Turn slightly left and enter the doorway. Walk down the stairs. Wait on the first few steps of the stairs from the bottom. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk towards the air conditioning units. Turn slight left and walk down the stairway. Wait by the crab picture. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go to the bear rug on the floor. Go to the top of the staircase. Go to the toilet. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Exit bedroom, walk straight turning right at stairwell and enter bathroom on the left. Wait at toilet. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Turn around and exit the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the room past the stairs. Once you reach the other side, turn right and enter the double doors. Walk into the small hallway and then enter the first door on your left. Once in, stop in front of the shower stall on your right. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk across patio, stop at hanging basket chair. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk past the concrete fire pit with ceramic pots on top. Continue down the porch area past the first sofa and continue past the next set of sofas. Continue down the porch and walk past the potted plants towards the lighted sitting area ahead. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn right and walk across the patio area past the sofas keeping the house to your right. Wait just before the entrance to the house on the right. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Enter the hallway and take a left. Go straight and go right at the end of the hall. Enter the room with the bear, and walk into the hall straight across. Enter the bedroom that is the first door on the right. Stop in the doorway. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Walk towards the elevator, past the stairs and wait in the wheelchair accessible room. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Head forward toward stairs make a right, head forward, then make a slight right and enter bedroom, and wait. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit bedroom and head straight toward living area, and wait at entrance. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bedroom and go straight through until at the brown double doorway and then stop. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the room and head down the hallway.  Stop in front of the two chairs on the left. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Leave the room and take a left to go up the stairs. Go up the next set of stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk up the stairs and walk straight. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
uNb9QFRL6hY Turn left and go up the steps. Continue straight and go up three more steps. Wait at the top. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk straight down the hall and into the room straight ahead. Wait near the entrance. 
S9hNv5qa7GM Walk past the end table and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
S9hNv5qa7GM With the stairs to your right, walk straight down the hallway and into the blue bedroom at the end.  Stop just after passing through the doorway. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the bedroom through the archway, turn right, pass the stairs and enter the archway on the right. Stop in the hallway and wait near the bathroom door. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit the room using the opening on the left.  Turn right and go straight until you get to a hallway. Wait there. 
759xd9YjKW5 Exit bedroom, make a right past stairs, and wait at green bathroom entrance. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the bedroom, cross the room to the left and stop near the room divider on the left,. 
vyrNrziPKCB Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn slightly left and go past the round table an chairs. Wait there. 
vyrNrziPKCB Walk out of the bedroom. Walk past the left side of the table and stop next to the chair and circle in the floor. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk out of the massage table room and into the open room ahead with a wood framed trellis on the ceiling. Walk towards the wall with the paintings with dripping paint design. Turn the corner and walk down the hall and into the room with lounge chairs with towels on them. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway until you see three lounge chairs on the left. Wait there. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Exit bathroom, make a left, head down hallway, and stop next to table in room. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn right and walk towards the painting. Turn left and walk towards the pool table to your slight left. Walk towards the balcony and wait there. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit bathroom, make a left, make a slight left, then head to balcony and wait. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk down the hall until you get to a large room on the left with a pool. Table. Walk toward the pool table and straight. Wait near the balcony. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bathroom and go right. Exit the bedroom onto the patio. Go to the stairs. Stop on the second stair from the bottom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit the bathroom. Turn right and then left to exit the room using the door on the left. Go up the stairs on the right. Go up two steps then stop there. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn right and exit the bathroom, turn right and go forward out of the bedroom, wait at the base of the stairs. 
JF19kD82Mey Go forward, take a right at the doorway of the laundry room, go forward to the bedroom and wait in the doorway. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk down the hallway.  Turn right into the last room on the right.  Stop in the doorway. 
JF19kD82Mey Walk down the hallway and past the stairs. Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop in front of the bathroom. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past the couches and through the arch and past the stairs on the right. Turn left and wait near the couches. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk past the coffee table and through the entryway. Walk through the entryway across from the stairs and stop in from of the armoire. 
759xd9YjKW5 Turn ro your right and go pass the couch. Turn left and then turn right and stop by the couch. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk behind couch toward windows, turn left, walk past windows, stop at wood wall. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Turn right and pass by the table. Continue down the wall and stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk past the fireplace and to the left. top in the entryway of the kitchen. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room to the left of the bookshelves, go straight through, turn left after the plant, cross the room to the right of the television, step near the glass door and stop. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Exit the room. Turn left. Turn left again. Go past the green couch and then turn right. Wait near there. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the bookshelves and out of the room. Walk past the potted plant and make a sharp turn left. Walk past the green couch and stop to the right of the television. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Go straight until you get to three windows. Wait in the window farthest to the left. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk down the room on the left side.  Stop in front of the big windows on the left looking out onto some marble columns outside. 
E9uDoFAP3SH Walk across the room and wait by the window on the left. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the bathroom, past the sink and toilet. Stop in front of the counter with the two suitcase. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk through the bathroom. Enter the dressing area outside of the bathroom. Stop between the closets on the right. 
ULsKaCPVFJR With the shower to your left, walk through the bathroom and stop in the closet area on the other side.  Stop in front of the mirror with the suitcases in front of it. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Continue up the stairs to the first landing. Stop and wait near the artwork. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Go up the stairs then turn left and go up the stairs. Wait near the marilyn monroe painting on the right wall. 
b8cTxDM8gDG Turn around and go up the stairs. Wait at the start of the second set of stairs by the switch on the wall. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Go through the center of the room towards the back, turn left left after the seats, at the large pillar take a slight left towards the grey divider and stop mid-room. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Walk down center pews, then make a left then head to open area, and wait in center of room. 
dhjEzFoUFzH Turn left after the pews. Wait in front of the large grey rectangle. 
JeFG25nYj2p Go between the stove and the sink and then turn left by the refrigerator. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn 90 degrees and walk towards the sink and continue towards the refrigerator. Turn left in front of fridge. Turn right and walk in front of the striped rug. Stop in front of the doorway just before you reach the bookcase. 
JeFG25nYj2p Walk towards the fridge. Turn left and walk around the corner to the right. Stop in front of the doorway before reaching the bookshelf. 
759xd9YjKW5 Go into the room.Turn left and go past the tv. Go straight out the door. Continue straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
759xd9YjKW5 Walk through the doorway. Walk through the living room.  Go down the hallway and into the bedroom. Stop next to the wooden cabinet. 
759xd9YjKW5 Enter the home office and take a left.  Head inside the bedroom and wait there. 
29hnd4uzFmX Exit the bedroom. Go to the drum set. 
29hnd4uzFmX Leave the closet and walk into the bedroom.  Leave the bedroom and walk past the doors to the drum set on the other side.  Stop in front of the drum set. 
29hnd4uzFmX exit the room then walk forward then stop at the drum set instrument. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk forward make a right around the kitchen island. continue past living area, enter bedroom, then make a left and enter bedroom bathroom. 
8WUmhLawc2A Turn right and go through the kitchen. Walk past the couches on the right and into the hallway on the left. Go straight until you get to a room that is to the left of the pictures of children on the wall. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Pass through the living room archway and turn right, go through the center doorway, then into the bathroom. Stop and wait near the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk forward and enter the door on your right. Once inside the house, Turn right and walk to the doorway on your right that leads to more doors and stop. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go past the plants and through the doorway.  Head past the wooden shelf and turn right stopping in the doorway. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk forward and enter the house. Veer right and enter the doorway on the left of the bookcase. Stop in the doorway. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Exit the room to the left of the statue. Turn right into the first door on the right. Go straight and walk into the sitting area and stop near the rug on the floor. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Walk through the walkway to the left of the wired man, and take you first right into a room. Walk into the room, and stop once you reach the gray carpet lying on the ground. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go into the hallway and to the right. Wait in the office, in front of the loveseat. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk down the hall and wait inside the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
rPc6DW4iMge Walk all the way straight towards the room that is in front of you. Enter the room, and stop next to the sofa that is on the left. 
rPc6DW4iMge With the stairs to your left, move forward, parallel to the wood grain on the floor until you enter a room with a bed to your right and couch and fireplace to your left. 
EDJbREhghzL Go to the right of the picture of the mountain and then down the hallway, go straight down the hallway, go into the first doorway passed the black chairs to the right, take a couple steps in and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Walk down the stairs and turn right. walk down the hallway past the chairs and fireplace. Turn right and walk into the bathroom and stop. 
EDJbREhghzL Go down the stairs, and take a right. Go down the hall and past the sitting area. Enter the bathroom on the right and stop in front of the sink. 
82sE5b5pLXE Enter into the house through the open door. Follow the brick pathway up to the door. The hillside will be to your right. Once you are in the house, walk down the entry way and down the two stairs on the left into the foyer area. Stop to the left of the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Walk into the door near the potted plants.  Turn slight left, and wait next to the piano. 
82sE5b5pLXE Go towards the potted plants, go through the doorway on the right, go straight and then to the left around the circle and go down the two steps and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk to the left of the table and chairs down the hallway. Turn left and walk into the bedroom on the left. walk around the bed and into the bathroom and stop. 
8WUmhLawc2A Go into the bedroom with an 'E' above the head of the bed. Go into the bathroom. Stop next to the sink. 
8WUmhLawc2A Walk past large doorway and turn left. Walk toward doorway near photos on the wall. Enter the doorway and walk past the bed. Enter the bathroom and wait. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the stairs and down the hall. Walk into the right bedroom at the end of the hall and stop. 
sKLMLpTHeUy Walk past the door and down the slightly jagged hallway, making a slight left turn and then continuing down the hallway before making a hard right and stopping once you've reached the room with the bed. 
sKLMLpTHeUy With the stairs directly on your left, walk down the hallway.  When the hallway ends in an open door to a bedroom, turn right and enter the other bedroom with the blue blanket on the bed.  Stop near the lamp when you first enter the room. 
r47D5H71a5s Turn around and go passed the doorway on the right. Go to the second door and turn right then go all the way back to the bathroom. 
r47D5H71a5s Walk forward, enter the last door on the right side, move toward the door on the right, enter the room an wait at the door. 
r47D5H71a5s Exit the room then turn right on the second door. Go straight into the door in the middle and wait by the table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go straight until you get to the kitchen then turn right. Go up the three steps on the right and into the room on the left. Wait near the first row of couches. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Turn right and walk up the three stairs on the right. Enter the theater on the left and wait there. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Enter the kitchen ahead of you and then immediately turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue forward until you can climb the three steps to your right, then veer left and continue parallel to the three steps to your left, entering the media room ahead. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Walk clockwise around the bed.  After passing the fireplace, there are three doors.  Go through the door on the left with the circular tub in it and stop just after entering this room. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Pass the bed then turn right. Walk toward the fireplace. when you get to the fireplace turn right. Turn left into the room and wait near the jacuzzi. 
VFuaQ6m2Qom Turn hard left to walk past the end of the bed, turn right at the fireplace and then exit the bedroom through the left doorway. Wait in the bathroom by the window. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go forward passed the bed. In the hallway stop by the third door on the right. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Exit the room using the door on the left. Wait in the hallway. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Step forward, turn left, move pass the bed and through the door way. Wait at the door on the left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go towards the pool and stay on the right of it, when you get near the last glass wall stop. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk straight toward the pool. Walk straight until you get to the steps to go into the pool. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk on the sidewalk towards the pool, and stop once you reach the first sidewalk on the left. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Turn right and move forward to the table in front of the fireplace. Turn right again and move foward past the table. Next, turn left and move towards the fireplace. Move just past the right edge of the fireplace and stop in front of the double doors. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Look for the stuffed moose head above the fireplace and walk to the opening to the right of the fireplace with a stuffed deer head above it. Stop with the fireplace to your left and the deer head directly in front of you. 
D7N2EKCX4Sj Wait by the fireplace in the dining area. 
i5noydFURQK Walk out of the closet and turn right. Turn left and walk into the hallway. Turn right into the bedroom doorway and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Go to the right and continue down the hallway. Turn left and then stop in the room with the green and white bed. 
i5noydFURQK Take a right as you walk through the doorway into the bedroom with the yellow picture on the wall. Walk down the hallway a couple of steps, and take your first left through the doorway. Walk into the room to the immediatly left the of the bathroom and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room and go through the doorway on the left past the bookcases. Walk into the hall, past the bathroom. Keep going and go into the workout room. Go to the bathroom and stop in front of the toilet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Go through the door, turn left and go through the other door. Then turn left again, follow the hallway and continue down. Turn left one more time for the bathroom and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Walk into the office and turn left. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk down the hall and turn left. Walk into the bathroom and stop. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn left and go up the stairs. Go through the doorway on the right. Stop in front of the bed. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Exit the bedroom through the double doors to the right of the walk in closet and climb the short flight of five steps. Veer right at the top of the stairs ahead that leads downward and enter the bedroom with the door marked with the crossed warning tape labeled "DANGER - PELIGRO". Stopping at the foot of the bed. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Turn left at the stairs. Walk up the stairs and walk right past the stairs. Stop in front of the bed. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Start down the corridor going straight in the direction of the wooden floor grain. After you pass a kitchen on your left, look directly ahead. There will be a square opening directly ahead, and a doorway leading into a half bath. Go to the doorway for the half bath. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk past the mirror on your right, and continue to walk down the hallway. Walk into the room directly right of the doorway in front of you, and stop once you walk in. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Turn around and go down the long hallway. Turn the right corner, and turn left into the bathroom. 
VLzqgDo317F Turn so you are looking down a long hallways with a red carpet.  Walk down the carpet towards the window until you reach the middle of the first room you come to.  Keep walking until the red carpet splits off to the right.  Turn there and take a few step forward then stop at the top of the staircase leading down to another floor. 
VLzqgDo317F Take a left, and walk down the red carpet. Then take a right down the carpet walkway, the first to your right and stop. 
VLzqgDo317F With the red ropes behind you, walk straight along the red carpet until you get to the big room with more red ropes.  Stop at the top of the stairs just before passing the two middle columns. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk forward toward the dining chair. Then turn left and walk toward the brown door. Turn right and continue walking past the stairs and into the doorway. Turn left into the doorway to the left. Keep walking and stop in front of the doorway on your right. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk past the dining table and past the stairs into the doorway just past the stairs.  When you see the window with curtains, turn left and walk a few steps until you are in front of some cabinets.  Stop in front of the sink on the marble counter in between the cabinets displaying glassware. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go through the room opposite the wine cases, and to the left of the room division into the small archway passed the stairs on the left, make a left into the archway and a few steps into the hallway and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room through the brown doorway, go around the office table and through the double doors, go down the hallway a second and then make a right into the first brown doorway on the right and step in and stop. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Turn and walk towards the open brown wooden door that leads to an office with a large desk.  Exit the room through the door. Walk around the left side of the table and go through the double open doors that leads to a hallway.  Walk out into the hallway until you reach the first door on the right.  Turn tight and take two steps into the room, stopping in the doorway to the room next to the carpet. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the room with the TV, into the room with a wooden desk with two office chairs. Exit that room through the double doors, into the curving hall. Turn into the first room on the right and stop in the doorway. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Walk right around the railings and around, going past the TV and recliners.  Stop when the railings start again on the opposite side of the entertainment center in front of some closed double doors.  It is on the opposite side of the room than the windows looking outside. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn right and head towards the large windows and turn left. Walk through the small walkway and enter the next room. Turn left and walk all the way across the room and stop in front of the double doors on the other side. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Turn left and go around the railing. Turn left again and go past the couches. Head straight until get near double doors on the right and stop there. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Go through the door and to the right around the railing. Walk straight passed all of the chairs and stop in the last doorway on the right. 
V2XKFyX4ASd After you leave the bedroom go to the right and walk around the wall to the sitting room. Make a left in the room and walk to the second doorway on the left, wait in the doorway of bathroom. 
V2XKFyX4ASd Enter the door to the room with a lot of sofas. Go straight then left and head down past the TV. Stop at the corner at the door leading to the bathroom. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Head out of the bathroom and past the bed.  Turn right and go into the hallway.  Turn left and stop in front of the stove and refrigerator. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Exit through the bathroom door.  Continue straight and take a right after the bed.  Walk through the doorway and turn left.  Wait next to the refrigerator. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Leave the bathroom and go straight then right out of the bedroom. Go left a bit and stop in the kitchen. 
Uxmj2M2itWa After you leave the office go to the bedroom on the right and across the room to leave. Once you leave the bedroom go to the end of the hall and make a left, walk thru the outside door and wait. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Turn slightly to the left and walk through the door towards a purple chair. Past the chair turn slightly to the left and walk past the bed towards a glass door. Walk through the door and turn to the left to face a red abstract sculpture. Walk to the red sculpture. 
Uxmj2M2itWa Walk forward and to the left of the partition. Walk straight towards the wall of windows and turn left Head straight past the bed and turn left at the closet. Walk through the doorway and take a hard left. Walk forward and wait at the doorway by the red sculpture. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Exit the bathroom, go past the bath and through the doorway, down the hall past the sink, past the doors, into the bedroom, and turn right to exit the bedroom. Stop at thte top of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk through the room and into the bedroom. Walk left out of the bedroom and stop at the top of the stairs. 
gTV8FGcVJC9 Turn around and go through the door. Turn left and go through the leftmost doorway and continue passed the vanity towards the bedroom and turn left. Stop right at the stairs. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go inside and exit the bedroom. Walk into the hall and pass the large painting. Stop in the bedroom. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Enter the house and walk around the chair to the open door on your right. Walk through the open door just to the left of the stairs. Walk to the end of the hall and turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait by the fireplace. 
5LpN3gDmAk7 Go through the door, around the chair, and through the door on the right. Go through the door on the left of the stairway. Turn the corner to the room and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Go left down the hallway toward the exit sign. Turn right and go down the hallway. Go into the door on the left and stop by the table. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk down the hall towards the exit sign and turn right. Walk into the first door on the left and stop. 
B6ByNegPMKs Walk straight towards the exit sign.  Turn right at the hallway intersection. Turn left into the first room.  Wait by the table. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn and from the door on the right wall from the perspective of the front door. Enter and go ahead towards the middle of the kitchen. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn left and go into the room. Then turn left and go behind the kitchen table and stop in front of the range. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 From the stairs turn left and walk through the second doorway from the left. Walk left past the dining room table and stop just inside the kitchen. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Turn and walk along the outer edge of the grey leather couch.  Once you reach the end of the couch keep walking forward until you are standing in front of the white table in the middle of the room.   Then, turn to the left, facing an open white door leading to a room with black tile flooring.  Walk through that door, take two steps into the room and stop on the black tile looking at the sink in the corner of the room. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk past the couch, towards the white table, and go through the doorway. Turn left into room with sink and wait. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go past the couch and enter the door on the left. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom through the door into the hallway.  Turn left and go down the hallway as far as you can, passing by a door on your right hand side.  When you reach the end of the hallway there is a painting of two men, turn left and walk forward to the opening of the kitchen.  Locate the corner of the island without chairs and stop 2 feet from that corner looking into the kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit the bathroom, walk down the hall and stop in the kitchen. 
ac26ZMwG7aT Exit through the bathroom door.  Turn left, and walk straight down the hallway.  When you reach the end of the hallway turn left into the kitchen area. Wait by the counter top. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room. Turn left and take the first right. Go forward and stop near the green chair. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk down the hall, pass the cupboards, and pass the bedroom. Go to the room at the end of the hall and stop. 
i5noydFURQK Exit the laundry room into the hallway and turn left. Take the next right and continue walking until stopping at the doorway straight ahead. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the chairs and up the stairs. Go down the hall and stop in the bathroom. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Go to the left, down the hallway, up the stairs, and into the bathroom on the right. 
1LXtFkjw3qL Walk past the set of chairs and down the hall. Walk up the steps and into the bathroom at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the sink. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Go indoors. Go past the wall with holes in it. Go past the large table with chairs. Turn right and wait there. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Turn around and enter the house. Turn right after the oddly shaped chair on the right and wait by the light switch. 
sT4fr6TAbpF Enter the house through the open glass doors. Go around the lattice screen and make a right turn.Go through the door and wait at the door on your right. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Walk past the mirror and go down the hallway in your ten o'clock position.  Keep going straight until you pass through double class doors.  Stop after you pass the first lounge chair and are standing in front of a large grey column. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Turn around, then head down the hallway on the left. Walk through the doorway and stop near the tiled column. 
ur6pFq6Qu1A Head straight then turn left. Turn right head down the hallway. Pass the glass doors and stop near the black lounge chairs on the left. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Leave the closet and make a 90 degree left turn. Walk straight through the open double doors and stop on the rug in the bathroom. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Go into the room. Turn left and go into the room ahead. Wait at the red rug. 
pRbA3pwrgk9 Enter the bedroom and turn left. Walk straight ahead into the bathroom Wait on the rug in the bathroom. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the bedroom and turn left. Go around the corner and down the hallway. Make a right turn and stop in the doorway on the right. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Exit the room via the door on the left.  After walking into the bigger room, turn left.  Walk a few steps and walk left again down the hallway.  When the hallway ends in a door, turn right and stand in the doorway of that room. 
7y3sRwLe3Va Turn left and exit the room. Turn left and another left. Wait in the doorway of the unfinished room on the right. 
B6ByNegPMKs Facing the nearest red exit sign, move forward and turn right to go down a corridor. Pass by three wooden doors on your right, then turn left down another corridor. Stop in the middle of two doors to your right labeled "S-E" and "S-D" and just prior to door on your left labeled "315". 
B6ByNegPMKs Go to the Exit sign. Turn right and go to the next Exit sign. 
B6ByNegPMKs Turn right down the hallway and go all the way until you reach the exit sign. Turn left near the exit sign and stop by the first set of doors. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the room, and immediately turn right.  Continue straight through the bathroom with the white floor.  Exit the bathroom through the door straight ahead.  Wait here. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Walk straight through the doorway and take a right. Walk straight through the bathroom and stop passed the sink. 
ULsKaCPVFJR Exit the bedroom and turn right. Go straight down the hall. Stop in front of the shower. 
aayBHfsNo7d Turn around and go to your right passed the living area and the stairs. Walk to the left of the table and turn left. Stop in the room with the book on the table. 
aayBHfsNo7d Walk toward the staircase and to the left of the stairs. Turn left by the table and chairs and stop in front of the desk. 
aayBHfsNo7d Enter the building and walk past the stairs. Turn hard left at the glass table and go into the room. Stop in front of the wooden table. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Go forward to the hall, turn left and then take your next right at the blue lips. Follow the railing and go to the left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the bathroom. Turn left then turn right. Walk straight until you get to the top of the stairs on the left. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk out of the room and take a left to walk down the hallway. Take another right, and continue to walk down the hallway towards the staircase. Walk to the staircase that leads downstairs and stop right at the top of them. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Face with the staircase on the left and the paintings on the right. Walk down the hallway through the door towards the bed. Turn left after passing through door and stop where the socks are hanging on the right. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Walk into the bedroom, and immediately take a left into the closet. Once inside, continue walking until you reach the first shoe rack on your left, then stop. 
5q7pvUzZiYa Head past the stairs and into the bedroom.  Go left behind the bed and stop in the hall with shoes and clothes. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk toward the stairs and right out of the bathroom. Walk around to the other side of the tub and stop. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Exit the shower. Turn right after you pass the television. Wait near the doorway to the gym. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Turn around and exit the shower. Turn right to enter the bathroom. Passed the tub and sink and stop near the tub and the two doorways. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Turn right and walk down the hall. Walk across the hall and step into the bedroom and stop. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Exit the bedroom and enter the first door on the opposite wall to the left. Stop inside the other bedroom. 
e9zR4mvMWw7 Go around the bed and into the hallway. Go straight passed the stairs and stop in the doorway on the left. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk towards the small table in the center of the room. Enter the doorway on the right. Turn right when you get to the fountain and enter the door. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Go straight by the fireplace and passed the door on the right. Walk towards the next door on the right and turn right. Enter the door on the left and stop. 
r1Q1Z4BcV1o Walk past the wooden stairs that go up. Go stop in the women's bathroom doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Enter the door on the right. Follow the right wall and stop once you've entered the doorway. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go straight ahead and enter the bedroom. Turn right then enter the next door and stop inside. 
PX4nDJXEHrG Go through the room passed the black chair on the left and into the doorway on the right, go straight into the bedroom, make a right and then another right into the doorway and take a step in and stop. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit laundry room and turn left.  Go down stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs turn right and then go straight into the bedroom.  Stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn around, go left to the stairway, go down the stairs and straight, take a right through the hallway, and then another right at the next hallway, follow it to the end, and stop at a bedroom with two leaves on the wall just through the doorway. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Exit the laundry room and go down the stairs a bit to the left. From the base of the stairs turn right and go straight, stopping once past the first doorway ahead. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk  outside down the leftmost path until you reach a series of sculptures of a man diving.  Wait here. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk outside and turn left. Keep walking all the way forward until the end of the glass window. Stop in front of the round table and chairs placed at the edge. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Exit the house and turn left. Walk straight toward the statues. Wait near the statues. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go up the two steps. Turn right and then go straight. When you get to the sink on the left. Turn right and go into the bathroom. Turn right and wait near the toilet. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Walk straight ahead and up two steps. Turn right. Walk down the hall. Turn right into the first doorway. Turn right into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet. 
VzqfbhrpDEA Go up the stairs and take a right. Go straight and enter the room with the counters. Take a right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
JeFG25nYj2p Turn right to face the doorway to the bathroom. Exit the bathroom by turning left. Turn right in the hallway. Turn right at the chair. Walk down the hallway past the sculpture. Walk directly across the marble floor to the room with the brown and white door. Stop in the doorway. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bathroom and turn right. Wait in the entryway of the bedroom on the right. 
JeFG25nYj2p Exit the bathroom and turn right. Continue around to the right passing by the display on your right. Cross over the corridor with the stone tile floor into the room directly ahead. Stop once you reach the wooden flooring. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Walk past the left side of the bed and stop in the doorway. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there in the bathroom. 
Pm6F8kyY3z2 Go into the bathroom on the left of the bed. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk forward, turn left, exit the house and wait near the pool. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Continue down the stairs, and take a left. Head outside on the left of the pool. Stop on the left of the stairs into the pool. 
kEZ7cmS4wCh Walk slightly forward and turn left. Walk outside and wait by the pool. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Go up the steps. Turn left and go up more steps until you get to a grey door. Go straight into the room and stand near the black chairs. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk up the stairs. Turn left and walk up the first set of stairs. Enter the living area and wait there. 
cV4RVeZvu5T Walk forward up stairs. Turn hard left. Walk up the second set of stairs. At top, walk forward towards the fireplace. Stop halfway between the doorway and the black chairs in front of the fireplace. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn left and walk down the hall. At the end of the corner turn right. Wait by the chair. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Walk forward to the door with window and turn right. Wait outside the room with the big rug. 
mJXqzFtmKg4 Turn around and walk straight ahead down the hallway in front of you. At the end, turn right to enter the room beside the door leading outside. Stop once you enter the door. 
1pXnuDYAj8r With the stairs leading down behind you and to your left, move forward parallel to the banister on your left. Continue forward until you reach the wall and then turn ninety degrees to the right. Stop in front of the first door you reach that's directly to your right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right to walk down the bannister toward the desks. Walk past the desks down the hall. At the feather art on the wall, turn right. Walk down the hall. Stop in front of the first door on the right. 
1pXnuDYAj8r Turn right and then  wait in the hallway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk straight passing the gray couch and stop near the rug. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bedroom through the open door into the hallway. Turn the corner and walk into the dining area. Pass the dining table and walk  into the living room area towards the television. Stop near the chair and open sliding doors to outside. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go out of the room you're in.  Turn left.  Go poast the dining room and into the living room.  Wait right by the coffee table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the flight of stairs to the top. Turn and follow the railing into the bedroom area. Walk towards the closet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs, and then turn around and go through the door past the stairs. Walk up to the bed, then turn to the right and walk into the doorway. Stop there. 
TbHJrupSAjP WALK UP THE STAIRS, TURN TO THE LEFT AND ENTER INTO THE SECOND OPEN DOOR ON THE LEFT, WALK TOWARDS THE FOOT OF THE BED, TURN RIGHT AND ENTER THE OPEN DOOR TO THE BATHROOM. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go straight past the pool. Walk between the bar and chairs.  Stop when you get to the corner of the bar.  That's where you will wait. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk across the room and wait at the far end of the bar. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go forward one meter
Go to the chairs
Go to the steps
Go to the endtable
Go to the tan door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the living room and keep walking straight past the living room. Then walk into the entrance under the balcony. Wait in the entrance to the other room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk across the floor and wait the archway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Move forward to the doorway on the opposite side of the hall.  Stop in the archway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk passed the dining table and continue towards the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen passed the counters and stove and stop near the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Move to the far left corner of the table
Proceed to the doorway to your right
walk into the kitchen with the stove on your right
proceed forward until the fridge is on your left
proceed forward once more until there is a small sink on your left and shelves on your right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight past the table and turn right to go between the kitchen counters and walk straight past the refrigerator into the pantry and stop halfway between the two shelves on the right. 
2azQ1b91cZZ turn round and walk past the billiard table, walk straight on, stop by the window. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Travel to the window overlooking the garden on the opposite end of the billiard room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk across the room, past the pool table on your left side as you walk.  Stop in front of the television mounted on the wall across from the couch. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the living room around the backside of the couches. Walk into the kitchen area and walk along the barstools and countertop. Continue ahead towards the arched entryway that leads to a hall beside the stairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk behind the couch towards the kitchen. Enter the kitchen.  Walk towards the doors that go outside.  Turn left when you reach the doors. Walk down the hallway past the kitchen.  Stop where the four hallways intersect. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Head diagonally through the kitchen, stop at the edge of the kitchen table, turn left and stop in the middle of the room near a vase on the floor. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the bed, through the doorway.  You'll go past the top of the stairs and a mirror.  Keep going, through the white door.  You'll be in a bedroom.  Stop and wait just inside that room. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the bathroom, and bedroom and go into the hall. Walk straight down the hall and enter the bedroom across from the starting room. Stop in the doorway to this bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk from bathroom into bedroom. Walk out of bedroom into hallway. Walk into bedroom. Wait next to open bedroom door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the small room with a lounge chair and dresser. Turn the corner and walk passed the sink. Walk into the kitchen area through the door on the other end. Stop near the long wooden dining table with pictures on the wall next to it. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around 180 degrees.  Go down the hallway to the right.  Walk through the kitchen, past the island and stop as soon as you reach the table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past closet doors. Walk through kitchen. Wait at dining room table. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room through the door on the right. Walk past the stairs and the bathroom and enter the room with the cardboard boxes. Stop by the doorway on the left that leads to the living room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and go through the single door on the right.  Go down the hallway.  You'll go all the way into the room and stand on the rug and wait. 
oLBMNvg9in8 go through the dooorway on the right, continue straightacross the hallway and into the room ahead. Stop near the shell. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go to the plant
Go to the rope
Go to the steamroom door
Go to the table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go through the single door on the right.Turn left and go through the door on the left.  Stand by the bottom right side of the massage table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room into the hallway. Go into the room on the left and wait next to the massage table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Move past the bed into the hallway. Go past the bookcase and wait in the doorway of the other bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk over to the master bedroom with the large sun burst mirror, its straight past the potted plant in the hallway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk through the bedroom and out of the door into the hallway. Walk down the hall along the banister rail through the open door. Continue into the bedroom with a round mirror on the wall and butterfly sculpture. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and walk straight until you are standing in a bedroom door, then stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight past the bed and into the hallway. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the bed and move straight until you have pasts through 3 doorways. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk into the kitchen area. Walk by the sink and oven. Walk straight into the hallway. turn right into the little room. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop by the corner of the bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen between the sink and the stove. and down the hall.  Turn right before the bathroom.  Go into the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk towards the kitchen area. Keep walking along the kitchen area towards the doorway. Turn right and exit the kitchen area walking across the small living room area and into the bedroom to you left. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go into the kitchen area. Turn left. Take the first right into the dining area. Walk past the dining table. Stop left of the tall lamp with a white lampshade. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the hallway through the arched doorway. Walk into the kitchen area. Walk through the doorway into teh dining room area passing by the stove. Walk into the living room are towards the fireplace stopping near the couches. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the hallway and walk into the kitchen and take a left at the island counter into the hallway and take a right into the dining room and walk through the dining room into the living room and stop nest to the edge of the couch  behind the end table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Finish climbing the stairs and walk straight through the doorway in front of you.  You'll be a bedroom at that point.  Turn right and walk across the room next to the bed to the doorway on your right.  Turn right and walk though the closet into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet in the bathroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn left and continue up the stairs.  Go straight through to the bedroom, turn to the right and walk past the bed.  Turn right again and go through the closet.  Continue straight, into the bathroom.  Wait right there, in front of the mirror. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the stairs and straight forward through the doorway. Turn right, move forward, and enter the doorway on the right. Move forward into the bathroom and stop in front of the toilet. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the kitchen passed the sink and around the corner out into the hallway. Walk into the arched entry well to the left of the stairwell. Continue into the room with the armchair and bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and then turn right. Turn left and walk into the bedroom and wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Facing the refrigerator walk straight between the counters, and take a right. Past the counters, in the hall take a  left and go down the hallway and go forward. Keep going straight, into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. In the room walk forward to the rug and stop once you are on the rug. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Take a right at the large clock and travel straight through the kitchen, when you see the thermostat on the wall you are right next to the washroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the living room and turn right into the kitchen. Turn left at the end of the counter and wait in the room across the hallway slightly to the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and go out of the room towards the clock.  Turn right and go down the hall past the kitchen counter.  At the end of the kitchen counter turn left and go past the kitchen to the hall and go slight left and straight through the door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk between the two counters in the kitchen and into another small room off the kitchen. Exit that room and make a slight right then another right. and wait in the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen and walk out the door into the hallway. Turn right and then left and enter the door closest to the table. Enter the room and wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and walk across the kitchen hallway. When you get to a more open area, turn slight right and walk past the bedroom, then stop in the door of the second bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP In the entry way go up the stairs and in the hallway at the top take a left and go past the dining room into the entry way with the stairs on the right side and stop right between the bottom of the first stair and the console table on the left. 
TbHJrupSAjP walk up stairs. Turn left and walk to the double doors by the living room. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs, then make a slight left, walking toward another set of stairs. Stop by the base of the stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the bathroom passed the sink and shower. Walk down the hallway through the arch ed entry and circular tiled room. Turn and walk into the bedroom with hanging curtains wooden bed frame. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the bathroom and go right, then turn left at the big clock and go into the bedroom and wait next to the bed. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the bathroom, and take a right turn. Keep walking to the place with a clock hanging on the wall, and then make a hard left into a bedroom. Wait at the bedroom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go forward and make a left to the bottom of the stairs. Head up the steps and go left to head up the second set of steps. Wait near the stair landing. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and walk past the heiroglypics picture.  Walk up the steps and when you get to the landing, turn and continue up 3 more steps and then wait. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs. Go up a few stairs across from the open door. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Face the walkway with a kitchen counter with bar stools on the right and large windows on the other side and walk past them towards a large dining table  Turn to the sitting area and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk straight past the kitchen area and bar stools until you reach a formal dining table.  Walk into the room with the sofa on the right and stop by the glass table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the kitchen, enter the dining room, walk to the doorway to the right of the dining room table, wait at the glass table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through living room, through the door on the to the right, through the den, through the dining to, to the outdoor foyer. Stop before going outside. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the right of the coutch and through the doors to the tan couch  Pass through the dining room and wait outside. 
2azQ1b91cZZ leave sitting room and head towards the kitchen, turn right at living room and enter. walk through living room to dinning room and enter. Turn left and head to front door. Exit the house and stop on porch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and go past the dining area, turn to the right and past the couch.  Then go down the hall way a little bit and then turn left into the living room.  Stop right there and wait. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Face towards the outside patio table, and go just past the breakfast bar counter that is to the right.   Turn right, in  front of the countertop, and follow it all the way down to the other end.  Walk through the hallway until you see a familyroom just to the left. Wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ turn hard left toward dinning area. walk past kitchen towards the living room. turn right by couch and walk down hallway and turn left  and go into the lounge. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the doorway into the dining room and walk straight back to the door leading outside. When you get to the door make a right and walk down the hallway. Walk straight down the hall and wait in the doorway of another dining area. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the  nearest open double doors to the dining area that has a cupboard and candle lamps on top. Walk passed the dining table and through the open double doors on the other side that lead outside. Walk through the next set of double doors on the other side of the front entrance and back into the home. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through the dining room, past the table. Turn right and go through the door onto the patio. Continue straight across the patio and wait at the door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the bathroom and walk down the hall to the second doorway on your left.  Turn left and enter the room through that doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the bathroom past the sink and shower. Walk through the arched doorway down the hall with the throw rug. Walk into the room with wooden closet doors and two ceiling lamps. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the bathroom and walk straight into the hallway. Go straight and enter the office in the second door on your left. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right, walk straight through the arched door way, continue straight stop beside the bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past kitchen. Walk past thermostat. Walk into bedroom. Wait on rug. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk along the kitchen counter passed the bar stools. Continue forward through the arched entry way ahead near the stairs. Walk into the bedroom with an armchair near the window. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past a display case, through a hallway with an eye chart, into the waiting area, and stop in front of a light beige couch with six pillows. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hall and make a left at the end and stop at the first room on the right. Wait in the entryway of the room with the two couches. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk straight to to the end of the hall, turn left into living room, stop at the couch. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through the wooden doors to the dining area. Walk past the dining table to the glass and wood doors beyond. Turn right and go through the doors to the vestibule. Stop at the doors leading to a second dining area. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Enter the dining room and walk to the other end. Go through the double doors on the right. Walk straight across the walkway and wait outside on the mat. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the dining area and make a right when you get to the end of the table. Walk down the hall and stand in front of the door of the dining room at the end of the hall. 
TbHJrupSAjP enter bedroom, proceed into bathroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk down the hallway past the vases, enter the bedroom, walk to the foot of the bed, walk toward the bathroom on the left, wait in the doorway to the bathroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Enter the first bedroom on the right and wait in the en suite bathroom. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward, take a left around the corner and walk all the way to the end of the hallway, and stop at the door before the bedroom. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk toward the big wall of windows. Turn hard left and continue passed the kitchen. Stop when you reach the room in front of you. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk towards the french doors and turn left. Walk past the kitchen area. Go to the end of the hallway and wait in the archway near the painting. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk towards the hallway to the left of the refrigerator. Keep walking straight and wait by the wooden table with some white appliances to the right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk to the oven, turn left, walk to the lattice gate, turn right, enter the office, wait at the desk. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the kitchen and into the hallway on the left by the refrigerator. And wait in the room across the hall. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit massage room, turn left, go down the steps, walk to the pool, climb up to steps and stop beside the plants. 
x8F5xyUWy9e exit room walk through double doors stop on top step of hottub. 
x8F5xyUWy9e leave massage room, turn left, head down the stairs into lobby area, move forward until you stop at edge of spa. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the bedroom, enter the bathroom, wait at the toilet. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk out of the bedroom and take a right into the bathroom. In the bathroom take your first right  into the water closet and stop in front of the door. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the archway to the right and into the bathroom. Wait in the room to the right with the toilet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the closet, turn right and Exit the bedroom, turn right,  go straight to the end of the bed, turn right, stop outside the bathroom door. 
TbHJrupSAjP Enter the bedroom and stand at the foot of the bed.  Walk right and exit the bedroom from the door with a letter "B" on the wall to your left.  Take a right turn out of the bedroom and walk in through another bedroom's door where you see a light colored shaggy rug.  Take another right turn and stand just through the door after the white little dog on the floor to your left. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the bedroom and turn around the corner through the door with a hanging letter "B" near the door. Walk into the hallway and walk along the banister rail into the room on the right that has a human figured coat rack. Walk over the floor rug and into the doorway leading to the closet. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Keep walking down the stairs past several doorways and wait at the entrance to a room with a glass painting. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down stairs.  Walk down second set of stairs. stop at doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs to the next floor. On the next floor take another right and go down the first section of stairs and stop on the landing in front of the room with the radiator visible. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk to the other side of the patio and enter the building through the sliding glass doors turn right and wait in the dining area. 
X7HyMhZNoso With the windows on your right walk forward between the windows and the patio couch walk forward towards the table and into the living room through the sliding glass doors and take a  right into the dining room stopping just past the wall on the left next to the door. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past outdoor living room. Make right at outdoor dining. Walk to chair in tv room. Wait at threshold to dining room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ turn around and exit the closet. walk into the bedroom through the door on the right. turn left and go into the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ you are in a closet, walk forward, turn right to walk out of closet into a bed room. turn right and see bath room, walk into bathroom and wait near the tub and sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk from closet into bedroom. Turn left into bathroom. Wait on bathroom mat. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around, turn left at closet door. Take another left at bedroom door. Stop inside the second bedroom doorway. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk into the bedroom area. Walk passed the bed and through the door. Walk down the hallway and into the bedroom with the striped bed backboard and golden blanket laying on top. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit this bedroom and travel to the one that is next door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk straight into the kitchen area. Turn left and exit the kitchen and stop there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the kitchen.  Turn left at the kitchen island, and walk straight.  Stop in the hallway at the first entrance to the dining room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk straight into the kitchen, take a left, and stop after the archway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward around the bed and out of the door on the left and into the office. In the office walk straight and take a right at the first hallway. In the hallway take a right into the hallway/entryway, and stop right next to the table on the right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight toward the mirror, then turn left and exit the bedroom. Take the first turn on your right, then turn right again through the second door on your right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go through door. Turn right on corner. Turn right on corner again. Stop. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around 180 degrees.  Go through the open door to the loft.  Once through the doorway, turn to the left and walk towards the far side of the loft.  Stop once you are just past the opening to the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around and leave the bathroom.  Go into the bedroom.  Turn left and go down the hallway to the left.  You'll stop by the big cabinet on the left. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go into the bedroom to the right of the sink.  Turn left, and walk forward and stand in front of the railing about halfway between the two upstairs rooms. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the stairs. When you reach the landing, turn right and continue to walk down the stairs. Walk through the doorway on your left and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs. Enter the door on your left and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Going down the stairs take a right and go down the next set of stairs and at the bottom of the stairs take a left into the dining room stopping just inside the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go around the stairs into the hallway. Walk down the hallway until you reach the end, take a right, and stop at the entrance to the living room. 
TbHJrupSAjP If you would go down the hall and past the two large wicker baskets you will see a sitting area with a large orange couch straight ahead of you. 
TbHJrupSAjP From the stairs walk down and take a right going down the hallway towards the two statues then take a right and go down the hall passing the two doors on your right and into the living room stopping just inside he door into the living room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and head towards the hall way. Continue straight until the door is in your path. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the tiled floor passed the kitchen counter. Continue passed the living room area and into the hallway ahead. Continue walking ahead towards the front door of the home with wall art hanging up. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hallway and wait near the end, next to the mirror and side table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ GO slightly to the right and walk past the table.  You'll go into the other room, turn right and then past the big diadem circle tile, past the stairs, and then to the right.  Enter the hallway by the mirror and wait. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the doorway to the right of the dining room table then go through the doorway by the flower pot.  Take the doorway directly left of the staircase and wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn right. Go forward. Turn right at doorway. Go forward. Turn right again. Go forward and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward with the cabinets on the left into the hallway. In the hallway take a left and walk past the console table on your right. Walk through the hallway until you enter the clearing, and stop just past the entry behind you. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk into the hallway and turn left at the telephone.  Walk down the hall and stop at the intersection. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go through the door on the right, then turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk just past the table and then stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Facing the couch with the counter at your back take a right down the hallway and go straight past the sitting area and take the right right into the hallway and stop past the letter picture in front of the sliding door to the pantry. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk along the backside of the couches passed the hanging wall clock into the next room. Continue down the hallway passing the shelf with decorations below a mirror. Turn the corner and continue passed the hanging art piece that looks like an eye exam test. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hall, take the first right and wait in the short hallway between the two doors. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and walk to the chair, then take a right. Walk past the bed, and across the hallway, and stop in the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX TURN RIGHT TO FACE THE END OF THE BED AND WALK TOWARDS THE CHAIR, TURN RIGHT AND WALK TOWARDS THE OPEN DOOR AND THE HALLWAY, WALK ACROSS THE HALLWAY AND TO THE NEXT OPEN DOORWAY, WALK THROUGH THE DOOR AND INTO THE CLOSET. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and walk to the end of the bed. At the end of the bed turn right and walk to the hallway. Once at the entrance way, walk through the hallway to the next room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk toward and past the kitchen bar area. Continue forward and turn right just before the stairs that go down. Stop at the entrance to the area on your left with four white chairs, next to the table with the white flowers on it. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk down the hall to the last bar bench. Make a right into the connecting hallway. Make a left at the opening of the first room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk down the hallway passed the potted plant. Walk passed the counter and bar stools. Walk towards the staircase and turn right around the corner. Walk passed the ceramic urns and through the arched entryway. towards the circle of  armchairs. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ With the sink at your back walk out of the bathroom and into the hallway and into the pantry across from the bathroom and straight into the kitchen and at the end of the kitchen take a left into the closet with the sink stopping next to the tall cabinet on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ TURN SLIGHTLY TO THE RIGHT AND WALK THROUGH THE DOOR TOWARDS THE BUTLERS PANTRY, WALK FORWARD INTO THE KITCHEN, AT THE END OF THE KITCHEN COUNTER TURN LEFT TOWARDS THE HALL,  WALK FORWARD THROUGH THE OPEN DOOR TO THE SINK. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bathroom.  Go through the door straight across the hall walk straight through the kitchen.  Turn left at the end of the bar turn left again and go in the room to the right stand in between the closet and the sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk across the room into the hallway second to the right from the stairs. Walk past the open door on the right.  Stop in front of the closed doors on the right. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go towards the middle doorway, straight in front of you and stop at the arch. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk  forward through the middle archway looking down a hallway, and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ TURN COMPLETELY AROUND UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR WITH A WINDOW TO THE LEFT AND A PATIO TO THE RIGHT, WALK FORWARD THOUGH THE DOOR AND INTO A DINNING ROOM, TURN LEFT AND WALK TO THE END OF THE DINNING TABLE, YOU WILL BE FACING AN OPEN DOOR, WALK THOUGH THE OPEN DOOR INTO A WIDE HALLWAY. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go to the 4 panel window
Go to the gold rug
Go to the white rug
Go to the third chair on the left
Go to the electrical receptacle. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go towards a dining area passing an area open to the outside to your right, and pass the dining table. Walk towards three sets of doors, and stop before reaching them. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and go into the hallway.  Turn left and go down the hall.  When you get to a doorway, turn right and go towards the entrance door.  Stop by the entrance table and mirror. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bedroom and straight down the hallway and take a left down the corridor off the hallway and take a right into the hallway with the gray wall and stop and the edge of the table closest to you when you enter. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom. Walk straight past the bathroom, then turn left. Walk straight toward the wall until you have to turn. Turn right and wait by the table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go forward by the windows, and then stop by the lamp. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through the doorway, past the dining table, and through the doorway into the large lobby area, waiting here. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through double doors into the house. Continue around the dining table and through the entry way to the next room. Walk up to the couch and armchairs surrounding a coffee table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Enter the room and turn around to see the stairs. Go up the stairs, then take a right, and stop in the bedroom doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit dining room, walk towards the front door, go up stair case, turn right, stop in the doorway to bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Head across the room towards the front door then turn left. Go up the stairs and turn right. Enter the bedroom then wait. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk to the right of the stairs. Continue past and to the right of the stairs that go down. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double glass doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP At the bottom of the stairs take a left and go down the hallway. Continue down the hall and take your first right into the art room. Stop once you are past the door in the art room. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the set of stairs and through the hallway. Walk down the hallway passed the next set of stairs also and follow the banister through the hall. Walk into the room at the end of the hall that has a blackboard on the wall and large letters above. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go to the right past the shelf with the vase, through the arched door towards the sink, through the next door, and into the excersise room, and wait. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight and then turn to the right and go to the bathroom door.  Go through the doorway and walk through the bathroom to the other door.  You will then be in a gym.  Stop when you get into this room and wait. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the bench on your left walk forward in the hall and take a right into the kitchen area and take a left into the bathroom and a right into the work out room stopping in front of the door on your right. 
2azQ1b91cZZ go trough the doorway and take a hard left then walk straight towards the archway and then keep going until you are under the archway and then stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the arched entry way that leads into the tiled room with a mosaic floor. Walk through the arched entry way to the left of the stairs. Continue down the tiled hall through the open door ahead into the bedroom with red bedsrpread. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight through the doorway.  Go to the left and then left again till you see the star burst pattern on the floor  Go through the bedroom doorway and stop when you get to the bed.  Wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up stairs. At top of stairs turn right. Walk straight to bedroom. Turn left and walk to bed lamp.Turn left and enter closet. Stop at rug. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up all the stairs. Make a right around the banister. Make a right into the room with the bed. Make a left into the open storage area that houses the white rug. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs. Turn right on the landing. Walk through the door. Walk towards the head of the bed. Turn left. Stop at the entrance to the dressing room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and go down the staircase.  Once down, go through the door that is straight but slightly to the right.  This room you enter will be a living room/den type of room.  Wait right at the entrance, by the couch. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down stairs. Walk towards room with sette. Wait at that door. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the steps to the landing. Turn right and continue down the steps. turn slight right and enter the doorway in the middle with the large rug. Stop at the chair. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go down the hall past some plants towards a doorway to the hot tub and some lounge chairs.  Stop in front of the large tub. 
x8F5xyUWy9e continue forward past the first tdoor to your right
continue walking past the door down the small hallways infront of you. 
go in the room
go down the steps 
continue forward and go up 1 2 steps. 
x8F5xyUWy9e turn around and go straight to the doorway and then go up the stairs by the tripod and stop right on the second step/. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the kitchen and go behind the couch and take a right into the fitness room. Stop next to the treadmill. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave sitting room to living room, turn right around couch, turn left and follow couch turn slight right into exercise room and stop by treadmill. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through breakfast nook. Walk past kitchen. Walk past thermostat. Wait at exercise ball. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the laundry room and go down the hall to the right. Stop when you come into the kitchen. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the laundry area and turn right continuing down the hall. Enter the kitchen and wait by the island. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the laundry room into the hallway. Walk along the hallway passed the windows towards the entryway at the end of the hall. Continue through the arched entryway and into the kitchen area, stopping near the island counter top. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk down the stairs and go to the room on the right and wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn right. Walk to the end of the hall. Turn right and enter the door. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs. On the far wall at the bottom of the stairs there are two doors. Enter the door on the right into the bathroom and stop in the doorway. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk through the doorway, take a left through the 2nd doorway, stop right before the plant on the right side. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk to the open door. Make a sharp right turn around the corner and walk through the open door into the room with grey tile. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk through open door and through hall, stop at bottom of stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Make a left at the end of the bed. Walk to the banister. Walk to the bottom of the stairs to the left of this point. Make a right and move to the panoramic checker doors. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv enter the bedroom and veer left, continue to the top of the stairs, go down the stairs, continue straight and turn right after the support beam, stop in front of the glass pane doors. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn Left. walk through bedroom. walk down stairs and go to entrance. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn towards a large wooden manel, go forward through a doorway and continue down a red carpet between rope barriers until you reach the next doorway, facing a large bed,and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around. Walk down the long hallway until you reach the room with the red canopy bed. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk out of the room keeping the fireplace on your left. Walk down the long corridor and stop once you reach the next set of doors. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk to the left, going towards the right arch at the back of the room. Walk through to the next room and stop when you're at the rug in front of the dining set. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk out of the living room past the couches. Go straight into the dining room and a stop behind the second chair on the left. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the white couch on the left. Go through the entryway and past the oval table. Stop at the rectangular table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go to the newspaper rack
Go to the post
Go to the rugs on the table
Go to the 2 metre high lamp. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk straight through the living room towards the stairs.  Go to the right of the stairs towards the dining area and wait by the leather chair at the entry to the dining room. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Exit the study, walk through the living room to the kitchen doorway, wait at the kitchen doorway to the left of the lamp under the stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the open door into the hallway. Move diagonally to the right to the archway next to the bureau and wall mirror. Walk down the small arched corridor and enter the bedroom with a fireplace. Wait by the bed on the left and the open door on the right. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the doorway into the hall.  Cross the hall and enter the door to the right of the Curtis Wilson Cost painting that is hanging on the wall. Walk past the drawers and shelves and wait. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go forward through an archway towards the console table, and veer right to an open doorway, and go through it. Wait there. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk out of bedroom and turn left into hall. Walk down to end of hall and turn left into bedroom. Wait there. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the bedroom and take a left in the hallway. Go straight and go into the room that is the second on the left. Stop in the doorway to the room. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the room, turn left and walk into the farthest room on the left. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom. 
8194nk5LbLH Start in the middle of the large room head towards the door that leads to the outside, turn left and head up the stairs, take a hard left, stop when you are inside the workout room. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk towards the door and take a left. Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a left into the fitness room. In the fitness room stop after you pass the door. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk towards the door that leads to outside and then turn left before the door. Go up the staircase straight ahead. At the top of the stairs go into the weight room and wait there. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk past fire extinguisher. Walk down stairs. Wait at bottom of stairs. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk through the hallway and descend three steps. Continue through the doorway straight ahead and descend three more steps. Wait at the bottom of the steps next to the bar. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk down the stairs and head into the pool room. Stop at the bottom of the stairs once you are in the pool room. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hall, and walk straight. Take a left into the third entry way on your left and enter the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go through the door way and down the hallway, turning left at the end looking into a bedroom with a gray throw on the bed. 
X7HyMhZNoso Start at the bedroom door. Go out into the hallway. Turn right. Walk past a bathroom on the left. Go into the bedroom door at the end of the hallway on the left. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk through doorway towards the tub, turn left and walk towards the bar, right before the bar turn left, walk up the stairs and walk through the first door on the right, stop right before the table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Enter the pool room, walk up the steps on the left and into the room on the right. Wait next to the massage table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk out of the sauna into the pool room and take a left. Walk towards the bar and take a left going up the stairs into the hallway. Go up the next part of the stairs and take at the first right into the massage room. Stop just inside the doorway on the right. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the bathroom, go up the stairs, turn right, walk down the hall, enter the room at the end of the hall, wait at the sculpture. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn right, go through the doorway and head up the stairs. Once you get up the stairs to the landing turn right and head through that doorway. Go into the room ahead of you. There should be a door to your left, and in front of you should be a fireplace with a portrait of a man above it. You are at your destination. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a right and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the large shell on the floor. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the kitchen, walk through the pantry, walk slight right down the hallway, enter the bedroom, wait by the bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go through the kitchen, into the pantry. Out of the pantry take a right and go through the den and stop in the doorway to the bedroom on the right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen past the refrigerator.  Take a slight right and enter the bedroom with a tree on the bedspread. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk down the hall towards the living room and pass the living room. Go straight passing the kitchen and stop next to the console table in the hall. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Follow the hallway to the end with the archway. Go through the archway and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk down the hallway and past the end table. Walk straight across the hallway past the pots. Walk straight and stop next to the end table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk through the bedroom and out into the hall way. Turn left and walk up to the stairs. Walk up to the first step and stop. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the living room, turn left, wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Pass between the two couches, and to an open area, then turn towards the stairway.  Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go through the door and turn left. Go to the left of the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the left of the white double doors. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around and walk out of the bathrooom passing the bathtub and closet. Walk into the hallway and continue passed the stairwell and into the room on the opposite side with an open door and temperature controls on the wall next to the door. Walk into the room which has a bed with a striped pattern on the headboard. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the bathroom, and take a left in the hallway. Enter the bedroom on the right next the double doors. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk straight to hallway on right. turn right and follow hallway, at the end of hallway turn slight left and enter living room. Stop at couch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ go straight and make a sharp left then go towards the living room where you will see a photo frame of the nyc skyline. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past beige rug. Walk past butler's pantry. Make left after eye chart. Wait at gold polka dot picture frame. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past the eye chart and in the right bedroom door and wait. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward, take a left and enter the second room on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hall passed the art of an eye exam. continue down the hall towards the room at the end with a desk and floor lamp beside it. Walk into the bedroom through the door nearest to the desk that has a twin bed and board game standing upright on the shelf. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bedroom. Turn right and walk down the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn left. Walk in front of the couch and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom into the hall. Turn right and go down the hall to the sitting area on the right. Wait on the carpet between the couches. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bedroom and go into the den and take your first right into a hallway. A the end of the hallway take a left and go into the sitting room on the right. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the bedroom and take a right. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Please go out from the bed. To take right and enter into the other bedroom with light and dog. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go out of the bedroom into the hall  Go to the bedroom door to the right  Face the bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom, wait at the white rug in the hallway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk out of bathroom and stand on white bath mat. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom and wait on the white carpet. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway Go down the hall and enter the bathroom first on your left. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk around the right side of the bed and leave the bedroom. Make a right and walk down the hallway until you get to the second window then turn left and wait in the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the bedroom, turn right, walk down the hall to the bathroom across from the second window, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk towards oven and turn right through doorway. Go down hallway and turn left  and wait at bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk across the kitchen between the cabinets and island. Go throught the archway to the right of the oven. Walk past the first door to the second one. Stop in this doorway to the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk towards the ovens and into the hallway on the right of the oven. Enter the second door on your left and go into the bathroom. Stop inside the doorway to the bathroom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs and wait on the second step of the second set of stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up the first set of stairs. At the landing go up the first two stairs on the second set and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and go up the stairs. Turn left and go up more stairs. Wait at the top of those stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go down the stairs and take a right and stop in the hallway before you are under the star chandelier. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Move down the stairs and make a sharp right, turning right at the first available opportunity to continue in that direction, through the marbled opening to the next room. Move down that short hallway and stop at the edge of the circular room there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Continue down the stairs.  You'll see a big starburst tile on the floor, turn right and go into the first doorway on the right.  There will be a big mirror in the room.  You'll stop and wait just inside this room. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn to the left and go up the stairs.  Go into the bedroom and turn left, go beside the bed, turn left and go through a hallway.  Then you'll see a master bathroom.  Go just inside the doorway and wait right there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past hall table. Walk into bedroom. Make left at table clock. Wait at bathroom door threshold. 
TbHJrupSAjP Continue up the stairs and take a right into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a left and go through the closet, and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ turn to your right and go down the hallway and take a right into the first doorway and then stop right next to the chair. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk passed kitchen and turn right. Turn left into room passed table and chairs. Wait behind white couch. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the hallway passed the chairs and counters. Continue down the hallway, passed the kitchen Enter the room on the right and walk passed the table and chairs. Walk toward the couch. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk forward to the sitting area to the right of the stairs. Walk to the wall of windows and take a right into the recreation room and stop before you reach the pool table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go to the left of the living area, and continue past it. Take a right and go to the pool table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go to the stairs
Go to the Buck's Country
Go to the footstool
Go to the semiround chair
Go to the right four metres
Go to the pool table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e walk straight along edge of pool, turn slight left and continue towards counter. Turn left and go up stairs. Stop at the double open doors. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk forward and go to the stairs. Go up the stairs and enter the hallway. Stop at the top of the stairs just outside of the door. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk past the pool until you get to the bar.  Walk up the three stairs and stop in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ walk out of the dining room, into the living room and take the first right into the recreation room. Stop between the door and the pool table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ turn right, go past the couch, past the back of the brown chair, turn right toward the pool table, turn right toward the love seat. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go to the white rug
Go to the brown rug
Go to the dark brown chair
Go to the sliding doors
Go to the pool table. 
8194nk5LbLH Go right around the counter and turn left. Continue until you are at the end of the second orange couch. 
8194nk5LbLH Exit the kitchen, enter the living room, wait between the pink couch and kitchen island. 
8194nk5LbLH Turn left and walk past the counter top. Turn left and walk forward. Stop by the last stool and the counter. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk across bedroom to open door, enter sitting room and continue straight down hall, turn left into bathroom. Stop at sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward past the bed and toward the mirrored closet doors. Go around the bed to walk out of the bedroom through the door. Walk straight ahead past the double doors (on your right), and towards the short hallway that is straight ahead. There are three small round framed objects hanging on a wall that can be seen down this hallway through a door at the end of the hallway. Do not enter the room with the round hanging objects, though. Immediately before you would enter that room, and in the short hallway, there is a bathroom on your left. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop as soon as you are through the door and into the bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk around the bed and to the door. Walk straight and slightly to the right. Turn left and wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv walk from dining room to living room turning slightly right before lounge chairs, walk straight following cabinet. turn slight right and stop at stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Move forward with the long table to your right. Move between the wall corner and wooden beam. Turn right and move between the smaller green chair and the bigger beige chair. Continue moving forward with the large wooden cabinet to your right. Turn 30 degrees to the right and pass between the small green chair and the tall floor lamp. Move around the wooden beam in front of you and then stop. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk through the sitting area and wait under the stairs next to the railing. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk out of the bedroom and take the first left into another bedroom. In the next bedroom take the second left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk towards the staircase and into the open doorway on the left. Walk towards the bed and turn left at the bed. Walk towards the bathroom and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bedroom and go down the hall slightly. Make a left into the last room down the hall. Go into that room and enter into the bathroom on the left hand side. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go down the hallway past the large framed artwork and table, turn towards the eye chart, forward, and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the entryway, turn left, walk to the study, turn right, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hallway and take a left. At the end of the hallway take a left and a right at the next hall and enter the bedroom on your left. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk straight past the kitchen and dining room to the sliding glass door. Open the sliding door and step outside. Wait by the outdoor dining table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk forward through the kitchen and living room towards the patio. Stop on the patio just outside the sliding doors. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go into the room with the very large TV.  Keep going past the couches and out through the back door to the back patio.  Stop outside the door facing an outdoor dining set. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk out the shower and through the first doorway on the left. Walk through the doorway directly to the left of dresser, walk through the room and through the first doorway that leads to the stairs. Stop right before the staircase that leads downstairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Leave the bedroom and go into the hallway. Stop at the edge of the table under the mirror in the hall. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom, enter the bedroom, exit the bedroom to the hallway, wait at the top of the stairs. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk out of the sauna. Walk by the Jacuzzi. Stop on the Jacuzzi control panel. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk into the room with the pool and head to the left. Walk along the side of the pool and walk up the two steps at the end. Wait at the end of the pool. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Leave the sauna and enter the pool room. Stand on the platform at the end of the pool near the lounge chairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk towards the ovens and take a left. Walk towards the fireplace and enter the dining room to the right of the fireplace. Stop in front of the white chair. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the oven, turn left, walk past the couch, enter the room past the fireplace, wait at the grey couch. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the kitchen, past the oven, past the sofas towards the fireplace.  Stop at the doorway facing towards the next sitting room facing the dining room table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk up the stairs and go straight. Stop next to the recliner that is next to the fireplace. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk up the stairs.  Walk forward through living room, past the wooden support pole.  Stop in front of the chair and futon. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go up the stairs. Go left toward the couch and walk past it to the chair next to the fireplace. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv walk forward with the railing on your right. In the bedroom take a right and enter the bathroom. Stand next to the toilet once in the bathroom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk to the other end of the cabinet. Continue going straight until you see a door on the left. Go through the door, and enter the bathroom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv GO straight, take a left once you enter the bedroom. Stop in the bathroom. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk on the red carpet across the room to the next set of doors and weight there. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go down the red carpet and stop at the door at the end of the hall. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the room along the red carpet area and down the middle of the room past the desk and chairs against the wall and towards the door on the other end of the room. Stop in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through dining room. Walk through tv room. Walk through open french doors. Wait under wooden archway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk forward into the dining room and through the door at the far right. Walk between the two couches and past the fireplace on the left. Go through the double glass doors and wait near the couch. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk up to the photo on the wall directly in front of you. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs go into the library which is the second room on the right. Stop on the rug close to the books on the shelf. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go down the stairs and towards the front door.  Turn into the arched doorway to one side of the front door and face into the room with the round rug and shelves. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the flight of stairs to the lower level. Walk into the room ahead with the tile mosaic on the floor. Walk around the corner through the open arched door to the right with rug on the ground. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk through the hall ahead past the glass door and the painting on the wall. Walk through the door near the painting and into the next hallway. Walk around the banister rails to the staircase. Walk down the first few stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and walk through both doorways. Keep walking and wait at the top of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom and enter the hallway. Walk forward until you reach the end of the banister on your right. Turn to the right. Once again, turn to your right and descend two stair steps then stop and wait in the middle of the second step. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk out of the fitness room and take a left.  Go forward into the kitchen and walk towards the doors at the end. Stop once you are out of the kitchen and standing on the tile floor. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave the exercise room and walk left on the wood floor.  Continue straight past the sofas and through the kitchen.  Stop at the first bar stool near the potted plant on the counter. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and exit the exercise room. Turn left and walk across the wooden hallway. Walk across the kitchen towards the doors the exit the house. Wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Make a right at the top of the stairs and go into the bedroom then make a left. Make another left to leave the bedroom then make a slight right and go to the doorway of the room to the right of the closet and wait. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the bedroom on the right of the stairs. Take a left before you reach the bed and wlk straight into the bathroom. Stop outside of the little room with the toilet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go straight into the bedroom, walk towards the bed, turn left, go straight towards the glass shower, stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ walk towards the pool table, exit the room through the interior double doors, walk straight through the sitting area, walk into the arch way and stop inside of it. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Take a right after the pool table and take your first left and walk into the room and wait in between the two rooms. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the pool table and walk into the room with the fireplace. With the fireplace on your right walk down the walkway and stop at the end before you enter the next room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk all the way across the room. Stop by the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw With the desk on your left walk forward and out of this room. In the next room stop on the red rug just outside of the doorway you just left. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk on the pink carpet past the marble bust and stop in the doorway to the next room. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk up the stairs, turn left and walk straight towards the windows right after the living room furniture, stop right in front of windows. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Continue up the stairs, walk towards the sitting area, go straight passed the table on the left. stop by the double doors. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go up the stairs and take a left. Walk towards the couch and chairs in the sitting area. Walk through the sitting area and stop in front of the first door to the balcony on your left. 
8194nk5LbLH Go down the stairs and straight down the hall. Veer right into the living room and walk into the kitchen. In the kitchen stop behind the chair on the right at the first black table. 
8194nk5LbLH Turn around on the stairs and go down them.  Then go past the couch, veer to the right and towards the kitchen.  Stop and wait by the big counter. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk down the stairs towards and past the atrium.  Head towards the kitchen and wait in the dining area. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the dining room and into the door between the dining room and kitchen. In the hall take a right into a bedroom and stop outside of the closet door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk over the kitchen counter, turn left,  walk ahead till wall, turn right, walk to the closet room, wait at front. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the couch and turn left. Walk into the hall and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and stop by the closet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk to the left of the bed and turn left into the closet. Turn right and walk into the room with the toilet and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go upstairs, turn right, walk into the bedroom, walk towards the night stand on the left side of the bed, turn left, walk towards the white rug, while facing the closet turn right into  the second door, stop in front of the toilet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs and take a right. Walk into the bedroom and take a left . Take another left at the night stand and walk out of the bedroom. Wait by the toilet in the second door on the right. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk forward and turn right, exiting the room. Continue forward and turn right, walking past the mirror and side table. Enter the bedroom and turn left. Turn left again and wait inside the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk out of the bedroom and into the hall. Take a right in the hall past the stairs and enter the room. Take a left before the bed and take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk out of the room and turn right. Turn right at the stairs and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and take another left at the nightstand. Wait in the doorway next to the nightstand. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk into the kitchen and go to the left once you pass the counters. Go straight into the small room with the sink. Stop next to the door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through kitchen. Make left after spider plant. Wait at open door on left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn to the right and move forward through the kitchen. Take the first left and move toward the painting.  Walk into the utility room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the hallway to the end. Turn left into the laundry room and wait in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to end of hallway. Wait in threshold of laundry room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the end of the hallway, pass the bathroom and wait by the laundry room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the closet and take a right out of the room. Take a left and walk towards the living room. Stop nest to the rug in front of the couch next to the patio door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the closet and walk to your right out of the bedroom. Walk to your left past the kitchen and into the living area. Wait in the living room just to the left of the grey area rug. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and walk out of the closet and take a right and walk out of the bedroom. Take a left and walk strauight. Wait in front of the couch. 
X7HyMhZNoso Move through the kitchen with the square table to your right. Continue moving forward to the staircase just after the refrigerator. Walk up the stairs and stop 18 inches before the end of the stair railing to your right. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk through the dining room and kitchen air to the short flight of stairs. Walk up the short flight of stairs. Wait by the door at the top of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past the dining room table and towards the kitchen. Go up the first set of stairs to the left of the kitchen. Stop at the top of the stairs next to the white door. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the bathroom and go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs take a right, and another right into the living room. Stop next to the coffee table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up the three stairs and turn right. Walk towards the living room and turn right. Wait by the coffee table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the stairs. Turn right and go toward the slatted door. Turn right and enter the living area. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom, turn right, walk down the hallway, turn left, wait at the front door to the house. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the bathroom and take a right. Walk down the hallway into the entry way and stop next to the console table on the right, and the banister to the stairs on the right. 
TbHJrupSAjP Step into the hallway and turn right. Walk straight down the hallway, turn slightly left and wait near the stairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave bedroom and enter hall, go straight down hall to kitchen. Stop at counter. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go through the open door to the right of the closet door. Go down the hallway and stop at the edge of the counter. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Pass through the bedroom with the bed to your left. Move into the hallway just past the cream-colored curtain on the window. Move through the doorway. Move down the hallway and pass through the hall entryway. Continue forward, crossing another hallway running parallel. Move just past the lone bar stool on your left and then stop. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk across the patio to the other wall. Stop at the edge of the patio near the brick wall and the pillar of brick. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go to the edge of the platform near the grass and turn right. Continue until you are at the dark brick wall. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk behind the couch and turn right. Walk forward and wait near the dining table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bathroom and go straight across through the pantry and kitchen Stop just past the counters in the kitchen. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn and walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Walk through the door into the room with shelves and a sink. Continue through the room into the kitchen area and walk past the stove and sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn to the right and go out the bathroom door.  Turn to the right a little more.  Go through the galley kitchen.  Walk between the stove and the island.  When you get past the island, stop, and wait. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around where you stand and walk around to chair to your left and continue forward to the end of the wood counter to your right. Turn slightly to your right and walk past the pillar that is between the lamp and the stairs going down.  Stop between the pillar and the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk next to the first white chair on its right side, walk straight towards the older floral chair, take a right towards the stairs and stop. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk through the living room in front of the couch and take a right. Stop on the wooden slatted floor next to the railing. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk into the dining room and go back to the door across the room. Go through the door and wait. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and walk across the dining room area. Enter the leftmost doorway. Wait by the glass sign on the left. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk towards large red table and chairs. Go slightly right, pass through doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Move to the right towards the open doorway and continue forward to the fireplace. Wait near the fireplace. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the sitting area to the fireplace. Wait in front of the fireplace. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the front of the fireplace. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn completely around. Walk straight ahead through the doorway that is next to the giant urn. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk until you reach the brown dresser with the vase on top of it, turn righ, take a left  and walk through the first doorway, stop immediatly after the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk across dining room, turn slight right and enter set of double doors, stop in doorway. 
8194nk5LbLH continue down stairs, walk straight into lobby stop at tree. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk downstairs and wait by the exterior door near the potted palm. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk down the stairs. Walk forward and stop next to the door that is next to the recycling bin. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn right to walk through the right doorway. Walk through the left doorway. Stop at the entrance to the dining room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk straight across room to hall next to bench. Turn slight left into room at left and stop at table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the doorway to the left of the wooden bench, walk through second doorway on the leftside, walk towards dining table and stop right before it. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk through the bedroom passed the open double doors near the wall shelves. Walk down the hallway along the banister rails. Walk around the corner past the stairwell into the living room area and walk towards the center island with cushioned bar stools. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the room and make a left.  Walk down the hallway and make a right when you get past the bannister of the staircase.  Walk past the staircase, which will be on your right as you pass.  Walk through the doorway and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the art room an take a left. Go past the stairs and take a right into the kitchen Stop in the kitchen with the wine fridge on your left. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk and turn left around the counter and walk straight towards the living room. Stop next to the couch entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP Take a left at the at the stove and walk down the hall then stop at the living room and wait. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk to the living room on the far side of the counter. Stop next to the end table next to the couch with the bookshelf on your right. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk past altar book stands. Wait under wooden rafter. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Go through the archway to the right, and walk to the podium. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk down the aisle to your right, and walk forward. Take the first right and stop between the first two pillars. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go down the hallway past the mirror.  Turn left at the picture with the letters. Step through the doorway into the kitchen. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and walk down the hallway. Turn left at the eye exam. Turn right to enter the kitchen. Stop at the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward down the hall past the table on the left. Continue going forward to you reach the open doorway to the left. Turn left and walk forward, stop in front of the doorway to the bathroom. Turn right and enter that hallway stop and wait in front of the sink on your right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward into the house and past the living room. Keep going forward into the dining room. Stop at the first corner to the dining table closest to the patio door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go down the hall towards the eye chart.  Keep walking past it on your left, and a sitting area on your right. Stop when you get to a long dining table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hallway straight ahead. Pass by the shelf area with potted plants and continue forward past the open room with couches. Walk into the open doorway ahead into a living room area. Pass by the barstools and counter and continue over to the dining room table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the piano to the oval door opening, walk straight ahead to the bathtub, stop right in front of bathtub. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past piano. Walk through arched wooden doors. Wait at bathtub. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and walk across the hallway. Turn left again and walk across this hallway and wait by the bathtub. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around. Walk forward, past the large cabinet on the right. Stop two feet in front of the end table which has three drawers. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around so your facing the fireplace wall. Move forward through the sitting area and wait near the desk. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk towards the desk in the office area. Stop next to the desk. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk out of the room and down the hallway. Walk past the kitchen and stop outside of the door to the dining room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and exit the room. Keep walking along the hall past the kitchen area. Wait by the doorway to the dining table area. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn 90 degrees to the left.
Walk through the doorway and down the hall.
Pass through the archway, still walking straight.
Keep straight throught the kithchen along the bar.
Stop outside of the dinning room doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go straight into the dining room. Walk through the door on the right on the wall straight ahead. Stop in the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Move towards the table and down the hallway, with the table to your left. You'll be walking off the wood floor and on a red path. End promptly before the doorway where there is wood storage to the left hand size with a dark urn on top. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk out through the door. Follow the red carpet to the right of the table. Stop in the next doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go to the hallway, take a right, and at the intersection take a left, stopping at the bar. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around. Walk past the table on the right. Walk to the right out of the room. Turn left and walk towards the kitchen. Stop before the breakfast bar in the kitchen. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go past the circle of chairs toward the door. Turn right and go into the hallway. Turn left to go into the kitchen. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk downstairs and wait inside the second door on the left. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs. Once down the stairs go forward down the hall, and take the first left into the dining room. Stop on the rug between the credenza, and the door frame. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the stairs and go straight down the hallway. Turn left into the room and wait near the dining table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and walk through the door into the hallway. Turn left and go forward and stop next to the bed. Then turn left and go into the bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the closet and take a left. Take another left and walk along the bed and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Take a left and exit the closet. Take a left into the bedroom. Take another left into the bathroom and wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk on into the kitchen and turn to the right.  Walk past the staircase, behind the chairs.  Walk to the right of the pillar.  Stop and wait by the footstool. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk through the kitchen area past the dinner table and stove. Walk past the stairwell and into the living room area. Continue past the cushioned armchairs and stop near the fireplace with statues on the mantle. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn right and walk towards the living room area. Walk towards the fireplace and wait by the stool and table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through kitchen. Walk through butler's pantry. Walk to right of bathroom. Wait at black "New York" books. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight through the kitchen, past the refrigerator and the utility sink. Walk through the sliding door and turn slight right, walking toward the bedroom door. Turn right and wait at the entrance to the second bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go down the walkway between the bar and the floor cabinets. Make a left at the door leading to the bedroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the hall. Stop under the hanging light in the hallway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn and walk down the hallway until you reach the 4th door to the right. This is the door right before entering the kitchen. Stop so you are in the hallway centered on the door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the arched hallway near the native american paintings on the wall. Walk past the doorway to the laundry room and down the hall past the candles on the wall. Continue to the open arched entry at the end of the hall. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left. Walk to the table. Turn right. Walk out the double doors. Turn left. Walk to the stairs. Walk up two stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the desk and out through the black door into the hallway. Walk around the corner with the woven baskets and potted plant. Continue around the front of the stairs near the entrance on the home and walk up the first few steps. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the left and then turn right and go through the big double doors.  Veer to the left and go to the base of the stairs.  Then go up the stairs, a couple of them, and then stop and wait. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Take a left and take a right at the doll hutch. Walk into the bedroom and take a left. Walk into the bathroom and wait in front of the sink. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward to the curio cabinet and turn right. Enter the bedroom and walk to the foot of the bed. Turn to the left and walk past the leather chair and through the doorway. Wait near the sink. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk down the hall leading to the cabinet. At the cabinet take a right and enter the bedroom. In the room take a left and enter the bathroom on the far left. Stop on the rug in front of the sink. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Enter the room, take the walkway to the right. Follow the pathway out of the room, stopping just after the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward into the dining room and walk towards the table with the red table cloth on the right. Walk past the table with the red tablecloth and into the hallway. Stop next to the first roped off area on your right. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight and to the right of the table and through the doorway. Wait in front of the bench. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk down the walkway to the bedroom, take a right, then stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around and walk past a wooden cabinet on the right.  Then turn to the right and walk in the bedroom.  Turn to the right again, and there will be a bathroom.  Stop right inside the doorway.  Wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv walk forward towards the stairs and take a right. Take a right near the bed into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around, go past the fridge, and then turn right and go up the steps.  Just when you get to the top of the steps, stop.  Wait there. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past fridge. Walk up stairs. Wait on top of stair landing. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past the refrigertor, turn right and walk up the stairs, stop just before the bannister of the stairs on your right. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit sitting room and go straight to steps. Take steps down. turn right at landing and continue down steps. Stop in the hallway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn and walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the flight of steps ahead towards the lower level of the home. Walk down the steps towards the next platform with a rug on the ground. Continue down the next flight of stairs to the bottom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the stairs and take a right to go down the next flight of stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn right and walk along the red carpet to your right. Walk past the doorway wait by the glass info panes. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the large wooden doors and turn right. Pass the photos on the left and pass the second set of wooden doors. Continue going straight and stop at the chair at the end of the table. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go down the hallway to the right. Keep going until the end of the hall, then enter the dining room. Stop a few steps before the dining table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the living room and take the first left into the hall. Take a left past the stairs and walk down a hallway. take the first right in the hall and enter the art room. Stop inside the art room next tot he door. 
TbHJrupSAjP Make a left at the doorway leading to the stairs. Walk around the right side of the rail. Make a left into the room with the French doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Left the living room and make a left then walk past the stairs and make a left to walk down the hall beside the stairs. Make a right at the end of the hall and go into the art room and wait. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left. Walk towards clock. Turn right. Walk past kitchen. Stop one tile length past the end of the black couch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk around the brown leather ottoman, angling slightly right towards the clock on the wall. Turn right at the clock and walk forward. Wait near the dining table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn to the left and walk past the couch and footstool.  Go to the hallway and turn right.  And walk down past the galley kitchen, towards a table and chairs area.  Stop and wait there before you get to the table. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk straight past the table and through the second doorway on the left.  Walk up two stairs and wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk along the carpet. Turn left and enter the rightmost doorway. Wait on the first few steps of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go past the fireplace. Turn left and go through the door on the right. Go up two steps. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave the toilet closet and take a left. Enter the closet through the first door on the right.Stop just inside the door. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and walk out of the bathroom. Walk into the closet and wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the bathroom and then make a left. Walk towards the first door you will see on your right and then wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk straight then talk a right at the window and wait by the pool table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go toward the two brown daybeds. Continue past them and turn right. Go past the daybeds again to the pool table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk to the back of the couch and stop at the pool table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and walk out of the room. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the room into the hall and go straight. Head towards the stairs. Stop on the round rug next to the flowers. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the door and over the overpass.  Wait on the white circular rug. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn hard right and exit the exercise area. Walk towards the white sofas. Turn left and walk past the leftmost archway. Wait by the kitchen counter. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the weight room and walk through the archway on the left. Wait in the kitchen near the range. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave the fitness room and take a left in the living room. Walk forward into the kitchen and stop between the wall with the light switch, and the island. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through the doorway to the bedroom and walk past the bed to the door on the right. Enter the bathroom and stop by the first sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Facing the mirror walk into the bedroom ahead and through the room into the bathroom through the door on the right. Stop in front of the first sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the archway to the left of the mirror. Wait at the other end of the bedroom, inside the en suite bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn slightly left and walk forwards past the table and straight past the double doors that lead outside. Proceed straight through the right side arched passageway that leads into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen island and towards the oven. Turn right at the oven and take the first left through the arched passageway that leads to the long hallway. Stop when you are just inside this hallway and standing just underneath the archway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight, walk past the double doors.  Keep walking into the kitchen area.  Walk past the island.  Go straight until you come to the hallway.  Stop there and wait. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk forward out of the dining room with the round table on your left. walk through the room and into the kitchen. In the kitchen walk down the hallway on the right of the oven and stop in the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Face the hanging light to the right of the counter with a sink. Travel straight through the archway that does not lead to the stairs. Keep going until you are in the doorway of the room at the end of the hallway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk across the room and straight down the hallway. Wait in the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and walk straight. Wait at the end of the hallway. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the two beds and the bathroom doorway. Walk down the open hallway and stop by the wooden armoire. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go to the ottoman. Go to the bed. Go to the wardrobe. Go to the glass jug. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk toward the stairway, and stop before the stairway and next to the large wooden wardrobe. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left at glass door. Turn right at hallway. Walk to table on the right and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past the kitchen hallway then turn left. You will see a painting on the wall with letters like you see at the eye doctor on your left. When you see that turn right. Head toward the door with the blue rug that has the #25. Stop before you get to the rug. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the kitchen, and walk through the pantry. In the hall take a left, and take a right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the plan on the table in the entryway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 walk through the doorway directly opposite and slightly to the left of the fireplace, turn left in the hallway and walk down the staircase on the left stop in the doorway to the outside. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go into the white door and turn left then go down the stairs until you get to the door that leads to outdoors and wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk across the room to the open door.  Go to the left towards the stairs then go downstairs.  Stop in front of the open door that leads outside. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the kitchen heading towards the small dining nook and turn right. Continue forward and take the entrance ahead and to the right. Wait at the corner next to the end of both couches. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the kitchen and go towards the small table set. Turn right and turn right again past the table. Wait by the white couches in the next room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go into the living area with the fireplace. Stop in the area between the two white sofas, next to the entrance to the dining room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ move forward into the room, exit the room and continue straight into an eating area, continue straight into the living room, and stop right next to the rug in front of the couch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the door toward the dining area.  Walk straight past the couch and stop before getting to the brown chair. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the sink, and through the open door. Make a hard left at the closed brown and frosted glass french doors, and then a hard right.. Walk past the kitchen, and wait near the sofa end table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk with the table on your left, through the doorway into the kitchen. Turn right before the island and continue straight past the island. Walk through the doorway on the right, there will be steps on your left, walk down two stairs and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Pass the table and head toward the kitchen. Turn right, pass the kitchen and then turn right on the second door.  Wait at the top of the stairs on the second step. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the dining room, and make a right into the kitchen. Make a right after the wine fridge, and wait at the top of the stairs. 
x8F5xyUWy9e walk away from the pool, up the three marble steps to the left of the bar, walk through the doorway, up three more steps, and stop in the doorway on the right. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk past the chair and up the stairs. Walk down the hall way and up the stairs. Stop in the first doorway on the right. 
x8F5xyUWy9e From the sunken tub, head towards the exit, climbing three steps. Continue forward to another short staircase of three steps and climb them. Stop at the entrance to the room on your right. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the closed door. Go to the electrical outlet. Go to the two brown pots. Go to the glass door. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the left side of the staircase. Go to the vases. Go through the first doorway on the left. Go into the room and stand in front of the wine cabinet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit closet to hallway, go passed to vases and enter room with wine. Stop at wine. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past sisal carpet runner. Wait at open white door. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn and follow the path of the rugs laid out on the floor past the bathroom. Your destination is a room with a bed that has a large wooden trunk at the end of it. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Leave bedroom to stairs leading down. Stop at top of stairs in front of bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the bed. Go to the shelf. Go to the flower alcove. Go to the stairs. Go down two stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bedroom. Start down the stairs and stop three steps down. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit closet, and walk past bed. Walk out open bedroom door, and wait at top of stair landing. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk away from the couch, through the doorway and up the staircase on the left. Continue past the first landing, up the second set of stairs and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room into the hallway and go up the stairs. Stop on the second landing. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit sitting room, turn left and go up stairs. At landing turn left and go up stairs. Stop at top of stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs and turn right.  Stop on the grey tile in front of the window panel farthest to the left. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Head down the stairs from the loft, then head towards the doors that are ahead and slightly to the right from the bottom of the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs and turn right then wait by the glass doors that lead to the patio. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the doll display case on your right, go through the arched opening into the bedroom and then continue forward until you can enter the bathroom towards your left. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Facing the curio cabinet, enter the bedroom to the left. Walk past the bed into the bathroom. Wait by the bathroom vanity. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Head through the door to the left of the curio cabinet. Go into the bathroom and stand by the purple bath mat in front of the sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go up all the stairs and stop on the rug at the top. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go up the stairs and stop at the top near the mirror. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs step on the rug. Stop on the rug close to the window on the right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ take a right then a let. stop next to the last door of the hallway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn toward the kitchen and walk through the doorway on the right.  Go into the room on the right that has the wall of mirrors.  Stop in front of the closet on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right, and then make a right again entering the room that is on the right of the painting placed on the wall. Walk inside the room, and stop next to the mirror sliding closet doors. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight then turn right and walk down the hallway until you get near the large painting of a man. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn to the right and walk forward. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Head towards the painting of the woman in a white dress. Turn right at the painting.  Follow the red path until you are standing next to two red and white chairs. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Take the leftmost door. Walk past the large painting to your left. Take a left and wait in the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Facing the long table in the center of the room, turn left, then walk straight, and turn left and go through the open doorway to the right of a blue vase on a table. Continue straight down the red path until it turns left and goes through a doorway. Stop in that doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw walk through the doorway to the left of the small table with two chairs, walk straight down past art on your right, turn left and stop in the doorway. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk up the three steps, and go straight towards the room that is ahead of you that has a massage bed visible. Enter the room, and stop in front of the massage bed. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go up the three steps then go straight until you get to the room and stop by the bed. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk up the steps and continue on into the massage room and wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv take the stairs then head for the kitchen. stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk towards the balcony and take the stairs down on the left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go downstairs and stop at the bottom. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight out the door in front of you and follow the red carpet. Keep going through the room with the ropes and stop when you enter the next room with ropes. 
Z6MFQCViBuw walk straight through the double wood doors, follow the red carpet straight to the next doorway and stop where the carpet splits off. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Staying on the red carpet, go through the ornate doors next to you and continue forward through the next room until just before the carpet path splits off at a forty-five degree angle to the left and a ninety degree angle to the right. 
X7HyMhZNoso walk away from the sink towards the refrigerator, walk straight until you reach the wall and turn left, walk straight through the living room past the TV and through the sliding glass door, stop when you are outside. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past the refrigerator and into the sitting area with the television.  Walk past the sitting area and onto the deck outside.  Stop once you have stepped onto the deck. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past the refrigerator and turn left. Walk past the television and step outside through the sliding glass doors. Stop just outside the glass doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the stairs going up and continue forward to the stairs going down.  Stop on the first step down. 
TbHJrupSAjP Head toward the stairs, pass the stairs and go to the other stairs that go down. Go down two steps and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go passed the table and passed the stairs. Take a right turn and go down the stairs. Stop on the first stair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the room and then go down the hallway until you get a frame on the wall to your right with a bear and balloons that says "welcome" and wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the bedroom through the opening to the right of the head of the bed. Continue down the hallway until it opens to the left and the right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk ahead passing the window and the curtain to exit the room. Walk straight passing all the picture frames on the wall, and stop at the center with no walls on the side. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ With the sink to your left and the stove to your right, start walking forward until you exit the kitchen, veering right and entering the second bedroom to your left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen and to the right of the bathroom. Wait in the bedroom through the door on the right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the refrigerator and out of the kitchen.  Enter the second bedroom on the right.  Stop near the foot of the bed with a gray comforter. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Follow the pink carpet out of the room you are in, and through the next room.  Exit the doorway of the next room and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Follow red carpet to open door on left. Continue through next room into big hall. Stop at checkered floor. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the bedroom and exit through the door left of the red bed. Head into the next room. Walk forward into next room. Stop at the next door exiting the room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn, putting the exit of the building  on your left. Walk to the end of the entrance way and turn left. Travel across the kitchen area with the counter and chairs on your right. Continue straight until you reach the dining room. Enter the room and stop and wait one meter from the closest end of the long dining table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go down hallway towards the two white vases. When you have a staircase towards your right, turn left towards the dining room. Go past bar lined with chairs and wait in front of the long dining room table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the two urns and turn left. Walk to the entrance of the dining room, straight ahead, and stop under the arch. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk through the entryway and turn left. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk through the opening next to the built-in shelves. Go down the stairs and stop at the bottom next to the double wall switches. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk through the doorway towards the railings and go down the stairs on the left.  Stop when you reach the bottom of the stairs. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go through the room past the counter and the pool. Stop at the other end before the beaded doorway. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Pass the desk and head straight until you pass the pool. Wait right at the entrance of the room with the beaded curtain. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn left and wait by the beaded doorway at the end of the pool. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go into the room with the tile floor and wait. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit room towards through doorway with wooden secretary and table next to it. Continue straight and wait in front of ropes. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around. Go Straight through the doorway,. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go out of the bedroom and straight down the hallway past the stairs.  Go through the open door in front of you and stand at the end of the bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit bedroom and go straight passed stairs and into bedroom. Turn left and go in the bathroom. Stop at sink. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk out of the room and go past the stairs and into the bedroom that is straight ahead, go to the bathroom doorway and wait there. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the doorway with the desk on the right, make a left, go straight passed the stairs on the right and go to the doorway and wait. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit the room then turn left and go through the door on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk out the double wood doors in front of you. Once out the room, walk forward and then turn left and enter the double wood doors straight ahead. Stop once you reach the doorway facing the large table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and head towards the kitchen. Before you get to the kitchen, turn left and enter the hallway. Walk down the hallway and turn into the entry way to your right without doors. Walk forward and stop beside the bottom of the steps facing the double white doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go past the bookshelves and into an entryway to where some stairs are.  Wait near the front door in front of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the living room area and turn left before the kitchen. Go straight down the hall and turn right. Wait in front of the white double doors. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go down the hallway, passed the stairs on the right and into the doorway on the right and take a step in and stop. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the room and take a right. Walk pas the stairs and enter the bedroom on the right. Stop once you pass the door to the bedroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go down the hallway and past the stairs, into the room across form the stairs and stand in the doorway. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the bathroom, and walk through the closet. Make a left just before the bed. Exit the bedroom, and make a right. Walk through the open bedroom door on the right. Wait in the door's threshold. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the bathroom and closet. Exit the bedroom and take a right. Enter the room on the right and stop in the doorway. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk straight ahead until you reach the bed. Turn left and walk out the door to the left. Once out, turn right and then enter the door on your right and stop once you enter. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn right and walk up the first set of stairs. Wait at the bottom of the second set of stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Face in the direction of the refrigerator and head towards the stairs to the left of the refrigerator. Climb the stairs, then go forward until you can turn right to get to the foot of a flight of carpet covered stairs. Stop of the first step of those stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn right and go up the wood stairs. At the top walk forward and turn right. Then walk halfway up the stairs covered in carpet and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave the kitchen through the door to the left of the stove. Enter the fitness room on the right and stop at the end of the treadmill. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right and walk to the cabinet in front of you. Turn right and walk forward out of the kitchen and into the next room. Walk behind the couch and then turn into the next room on your right. Stop at the doorway facing the exercise equipment. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the kitchen, walk down the hall and wait in the exercise room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk to the far end of the room, through the double doors and wait in the bedroom. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and enter the bedroom straight ahead. Wait just inside the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk down the path with an informational sign on your right. Continue straight through the doorway and stop after a couple of feet, just before another informational sign on the right. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the room then turn left and go up the steps then turn right and turn right and wait near the beige couches. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up the stairs and take a right. Turn right and wait in the TV room. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the laundry room and walk up the stairs to the left. Continue past the carpeted stairs and turn right. Turn right again and enter the living room. Wait near the coffee table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the steps next to the fridge. Then turn right toward the bathroom. Stop at the top of the steps. 
X7HyMhZNoso Pass the fridge on the right and go up the steps then turn right and wait right at the top of the steps that go down. 
X7HyMhZNoso Travel up the stairs on right past the fridge, move down the hallway until the bottom on the stairwell, take a right towards the bathroom and wait just beyond the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the stairs, down the walkway and stop in the second bedroom next to the bathroom door. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk forward along the railing to the balcony. Go past the cabinet on your left. Stop on the rug before you pass the first bed. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk to the left of the stairs and stop next to the nearest of the two beds. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the stairs, and through the archway directly to the left of the wooden chair, Continue past the potted plant and through the wooden archway on the left onto the hardwood floor. Walk towards the dining table and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go down four stairs. Go down three stairs. Go to the wood bench. Go to the flower vase. Go to the round wood doorway. Go to the dining table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Head down the stairs and take a left through the archway.  Go through the wooden archway and stop next to the table and behind the couch. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Wall through the room to the next set of doors. You will see a gray plaque saying "SALA XVI" on the floor to your left. If you don't, you went the wrong way. Turn around and go the correct way. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight and stop in the doorway to the left of the white statue of two people. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward along the pink rug, between the ropes, through the room.  Stop in the doorway across the room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Pass the clock on your right, and keep walking straight. Make a right turn at the first right corner. Make another right at the next right corner that has a white cabinet on its right. Stop inside the room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Head down the hallway.  Turn right once past the couch.  Turn right and stop in the pantry next to the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk across living room, at hallway on the right turn right and go down, Turn right at first door, enter pantry and stop in the middle of counter. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Stand just outside the doorway into the starting room. 
x8F5xyUWy9e exit into the pool room and stop before pool. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk left along the path in the sauna and out the door until you are in the pool room. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn right and enter through the sliding door. Continue past the TV on the right. Enter the kitchen and wait beside the fridge. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go toward the white table on the patio.  Turn right and go inside through the sliding doors.  Go through the room with television and into the kitchen.  Stop nest to the stove and island in the kitchen. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk toward the white patio table and chairs and go into the house through the glass sliding doors. Pass the grey couches and go into the kitchen. Wait by the toaster. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Continue down the wood staircase, turn right at the bottom and walk behind the two chairs toward the pool table. Turn right at the pool table and stop in front of the red chair with a brown leather foot stool. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go to the bottom of the staircase. Turn right and go to the pool table. From the pool table, go to the coffee table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs and turn right. Head toward the pool table and when you get to the fireplace wait there. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Head past the bar along the side of the pool.  Turn right and stop inside of the sauna. 
x8F5xyUWy9e You should walk past the bar and to the pool. Across from the pool there is a doorway, go through that doorway and wait. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk past the bar and make a hard right into the walkway next to the jacuzzi. Wait just inside the door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Take a sharp left. Walk under the chandelier and wait next to the billiards table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ At the foot of the stairs, turn left to walk into lobby area.Walk across the lobby area to enter the pool room and wait near the pool table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ At the bottom of the stairs, go through the nearest archway to your left. Head straight until you enter the room with a pool table. Step slightly to the left to get out of the way. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the exercise ball, onto the wooden floor. Walk to the left past the sofa.  Turn to the right past the soft and wait next to the glass table with the plant on it. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk out of the work out room to the living room and turn left. Head straight into the kitchen and turn right. Please wait by the small glass dinning room table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX exit exercise room to living room, turn slight left, walk behind couch, turn right and walk behind couch, turn left into dining room. Stop next to 2 chairs at glass table. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Turn right and head towards the end. Once you reach the end make a right and stop. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk to the other end of the room. Wait in the archway in front of the podium. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Go to exit of writing room. Stop between pillars. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go straight into the hallway. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk out of the room and turn right to walk down the hall.  Walk along the staircase and continue through the door of the bedroom straight ahead.  Stop inside the door. 
X7HyMhZNoso exit room to hallway, follow hallway to the right passed stairs and into bedroom. stop just inside doorway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bedroom. Turn left into the hallway opposite the bookshelf. Go to the end of the hallway. Go left to the white couch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out the door and down the hall. Turn left at the second hall and walk all the way down. Turn left and wait by the couch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go to the painting. Go to the electrical receptacle. Go to the NQHG painting. Go to the couch. Go to the footstool. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk towards the sink and turn right. Walk forward and turn left before the table set. Wait in the corner. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the sink and turn right. Go to the first chair. Go to the left side of the dining table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Head towards the sink. Turn to the right and walk towards the table. Turn and walk behind the chair on the left side of the table. Stop behind the chair looking out at the backyard. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room by the smaller of the two doorways.  Turn right and go down the stairs.  At the landing, turn right, and go half way down the second flight of stairs.  Stop there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Head to the doorway and into the hall.  Turn right and go down the stairs.  Stop midway on the second flight of stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk through smallest door. Go down the steps. Take a right and go halfway down the next set of stairs. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the sitting room and make a right. Walk past the urns on the floor. Make a hard right just after the stairs. Walk past the four photos of flowers on the right. Walk through the open door. Wait on the area rug. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Take a right and then walk down the hall to the left of the stairs. Wait nest to the bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the room and head right. When you get to frame of the teddy bear with balloons that says "Welcome" in the wall turn right. Head straight into that room and wait by the bed. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Follow the red carpet straight and make the first left where the red carpet continues to go through the wooden doors. Wait outside of the room before entering through the wooden doors. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit through double doors, walk along the red carpet to the other end of the room. Wait by the second set of double doors. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk down the hallway and pass all the picture frames placed on the right until the end. Turn left to enter another room, and stop there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight into the door in front of you, turn left and then turn left again to go into the bathroom. Wait by the second sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hallway past the painting and along the mirrored wall into the bedroom. Walk beside the bed and into the bathroom.  Wait inside the bathroom, next to the shower. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Head into the bedroom.  Turn left and go into the bathroom. Stop in front of the shower. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight between the kitchen island and the black sofa into the room with the two white sofas facing each other. Stop next to the brown table between the two sofas. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past the sink through the hallway and into the kitchen.  Go toward the black couch and then turn right going past kitchen island.  Turn left and stop in front of the coffee table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go left through the door. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Travel to the end of the hallway where there is a vase on the table. Take a left and go forward until you reach the open doorway on the left. Move forward into the open doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go all the way down the hall until you see a white vase and then make a left. Following that, make a left directly into the bathroom which will be the first door on the left and wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight until you can turn left then turn left and left again going into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the chair and across the room. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn right 90 degrees to walk between the desk and the seating area. Proceed straight towards the stairs that go down. Stop when you are standing directly in front of the banister for the stairs leading down that is made of wood and wagon wheels and cog wheels. The stairs will be on your left and the kitchen area will be ahead of you and on the right. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk across the large room to the stairs. Wait under the stairs that lead downstairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the hall and turn left. Go through the door and turn right. Wait in front of the statue. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Continue straight down hallway towards stairs, turn left at open door and enter, walk to center of room and turn right, walk straight and stop at antelope head. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk straight along the hallway and turn left on the first corner. Enter the room and walk until you see the purple sofa on the left side, and stop right in front of the animal showpiece placed on the floor. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn right at  stairs and go down them. Stop between the bathroom and laundry rooms. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk to the staircase and walk up, turn right and go down stairs and wait at the bottom. 
X7HyMhZNoso With the staircase to your right, go forward and turn right at the bottom of the staircase. Continue forward and take three steps down until you're at the doorway leading into a bathroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk along the grass until you reach the sidewalk near the patio stairs. Walk up the stairs and across the patio. Walk through the sliding glass doors. Walk straight ahead and turn right into the kitchen. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go to the wooden stairs. Go up the stairs and go between the couch and the table. Walk into the house through the sliding glass door. Go to the television. Go to the refrigerator. Go to the front of the toaster and stop. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the stairs through the outdoor living area and go inside through the sliding glass door. Go past the TV on your right and enter the kitchen. Stop between the kitchen island and pantry. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up two flights of stairs and continue onto the long rug in the hallway. Stop in the middle of the long rug and turn left. Enter the room and wait on the pink rug next to the lamp that is sitting on a cabinet. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs, take a left and continue up the stairs, then head straight up the radiator, enter the door on the left and stand near the table. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairway and turn right on the landing. Walk up the stairway and down the hallway. Turn right into the dinning room. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go straight until you get to the beige chairs then turn right and head straight until you get to a large double door with two black vases on on each side. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the stairs into the sitting area. Wait on the other side of the sitting area near the exterior doors. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Leave the kitchen and walk into the living room. Walk through the living room towards the doors in the entry way. Stop on the stone with the pillar on your right. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit and the bathroom and turn left.  Walk past the white rug and into the bedroom. Stop at the nightstand with the round clock and the lamp by the bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP Head out of the shower and out of the bathroom.  Go toward the bedroom.  Go in the bedroom and stop at the side of the bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP Step out of the shower and turn left to leave the bathroom. Continue straight ahead into the bedroom to wait by the bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go into the gym area. Exit the gym area and stop next to the two giraffes. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around walk through the exercise room into the living room.  Wait by the Giraffi. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and exit the door into the workout room. Walk to the end of the first machine and turn left. Walk forward until you exit through the arch way into the living room. Stand so you are in the living room even with the right side of the archway . 
Z6MFQCViBuw Continue down the red carpet path past the white statue of two people in the corner two the right. Stop on the path with the two vases on the ground to your right. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk down the hallway. Wait in front of the next set of doors. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward along red carpet. Stop at the fire extinguisher. 
oLBMNvg9in8 walk through the doorway opposite of the fireplace, turn right and walk down the stairs turn right,  and walk down the second set of stairs, stop at the bottom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the door, and walk all the way down to the bottom of the staircase, and stop at the blue patterned carpet on the floor. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit room with fireplace, turn right and go down stairs, turn right and go down stairs again, stop at base of stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs and take a right. Wait in the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up stairs, turn right and go into kitchen. Stop at circular counter with chairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Climb up the stairs and turn right at the top. Enter the room, then stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Head past the closed closet. Go through the pantry and into the kitchen. Walk past the kitchen up to the table in the dining room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk through the doorway directly away from the chair, continue straight and turn right, immediately continue to the left into the pantry area. walk past the sink, fridge, oven, and stop before you get to the dining room table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bedroom and take a right and walk into the pantry. Walk through the pantry and kitchen towards the dining room. Stop before you reach the table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk through kitchen, turn right at bathroom, immediately left again and walk through doorway to bedroom and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward through the kitchen and pantry. Veer right and enter the bedroom at the end of the office. Stop after you pass the door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight through the kitchen and then slightly right to go into the room straight ahead then wait by the bed. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit bathroom and turn right into kitchen. Stop before kitchen island. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Walk straight until you enter the kitchen area and stop in front of the island counter. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the bathroom and turn right. Continue straight down the hall until you reach the kitchen. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and go to your left. Then go through the doorway on your left. Then turn right by the island. 
2azQ1b91cZZ When you leave the sitting area and go to the dinning area, make a left then make another left near the outside door. Now go into the kitchen and make a right. You should stop between the island and counter. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Head toward the round table and four chairs then make a left turn toward the kitchen and then turn right and stand by the kitchen sink. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the hallway and go to the back door. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk straight to the left and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Head down the hallway and down the stairs. Then go out the door to go outside and wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up the stairs on the left and and continue to the doorway on the right. Enter in to the room and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up the stairs to the next floor. Enter the first room on the right and stop just past the doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs and into the first doorway on your right. Stop just inside the doorway. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk past the sitting area and wait in the kitchen by the island. 
8194nk5LbLH Go straight until you pass the mustard colored couches and then stop near the kitchen bar with the orange stools. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk down the hallway and past the sofa. Walk into the dining room area. Stop in front of the island. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the shower and to down the stairs. Go straight and turn left in the last door on the left. Wait by the table with the two chairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the bathroom and go down the stairs. Enter the last doorway on the left and stop just before stepping on the rug. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the bathroom, and walk to the stair landing. Walk down the stairs. Make a hard left just before the radiator. Wait at the buffet in the dining room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs to the second landing. At the top take a right and enter the room. Step on the rug with the doorway on the left. Stop here. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the remainder of the way up that flight of stairs, then continue up the second flight of stairs until you reach a landing with four rooms.  Turn right and walk down that hallway into the room at the end of the hall.  Stop in the room with boxes in it, next to the door leading to another room and near the fireplace. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up the current set of stairs, and continue up the next set. Take a right and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop in front of the door to the room on the left. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit bathroom and follow hallway through archway directly in front. Turn right when hallway ends at pictures and table. Follow hallway passed piano and stop in the circle on the hallway floor. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk down the hallway and take a right. Walk past the piano and wait by the violin hanging on the wall. 
QUCTc6BB5sX walk out of the bathroom and down the hall.  Turn right at the end of the hallway.  Walk past the piano. Stop under the large chandelier by the violin. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk into hallway, turn left and enter kitchen walk straight down kitchen into hallway. stop facing bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room and turn left, head toward the kitchen and turn right. Go through the kitchen and out the door. Wait right at the bathroom door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bedroom, turn left, walk through the entryway, turn right, walk through the kitchen, then wait in front of the bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom and take the first right. Stop just past the eye exam chart on the wall. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Head out of the bedroom and then turn right into the hallway.  Go past the optometrist picture on the wall and stop in the hallway with the white couch visible on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go to the NQHG poster. Go to the bookcase. Go to the double door closet. Go to the bedroom with the white bedspread. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go toward the house and through the sliding doors.  Turn right and stop by the dinning room table. 
X7HyMhZNoso While standing in the grass turn left and go to the wooden stairs that lead to the building. Next you need to walk up the stairs and to the glass door that goes into the sitting room. Then go inside the sitting room and make the first right turn so you are in the dining area, wait just inside the dining area. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk back towards the house and go up the three stairs. Walk passed the table and patio other furniture and enter the house through the sliding door on the left.  Turn right inside the house and walk forward.  Stop and wait next to the TV and the table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward to the end of the bed and turn right.  Walk across the room past the TV on the left and stop in the hall, in front of the closet door.  Turn right and walk into the bathroom stopping in front of the bathtub, just beyond the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX walk away from the bed towards the chair, turn right, walk past the TV to exit the bedroom, turn and walk down the hall to the right and stop in front of the bathtub. 
QUCTc6BB5sX exit bedroom to hallway, turn right and enter bathroom. Stop before bathtub. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv walk across living room behind couch, turn left at couch, Walk directly across the living room, stop at stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv follow the bay windows then take a left. go slightly right and stop by the staircase. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn right, stop at the french doors. Turn left at the sofa, head straight past the coffee table, stop between the lamp and the arm chair. Head straight and stop at the pillar, just before the stairwell. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go down the hallway and turn right on the second door. Go straight through the door ahead and wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around, walk past the first door, turn right into the second door, and walk forward through the door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the bathroom and turn right into the next room. Proceed to the exiting doorway and wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up four stairs. Go to the sunset painting. Go to the marble table. Go to the oven. Go to the dining room table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk upstairs into the kitchen. Wait in the doorway to the dining area. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs and take a right. Enter the doorway into the kitchen and take a left. Walk through the kitchen and take a left into the dining room. Stop in the doorway to the dining room. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Leave the dining room, walk through the living room, and wait by the pool table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv walk across living room behind couch to pool table. Stop at pool table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn right at the post and walk forward alongside the glass doors on the left. Wait in front of the pool table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up stairs and turn left to stairs. Stop between stairs and large double doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Make your way up the steps, take a left turn and walk into the main room, stopping at the door. 
TbHJrupSAjP You need to walk up the stairs and make a left when you get to the top. Next, make a right and walk towards the stairs. When you get to the stairs wait beside them and in front of the rug in front of the front door. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and go up the stairs. On the second landing go into the door on the left in front of you and stop on the rug by the book case. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up two flights of stairs, and go into the middle room.  Stop in front of the table. 
oLBMNvg9in8 walk up the staircase onto the first landing, turn left, and walk up the second set of stairs on your left. Once you make it to the next landing walk through the middle doorway and stop in front of the wood table with a large statue next to it. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk straight on the light colored tiles past the wooden column.  Stop when you are in front of double doors with black urns on either side. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Head straight until you get to a large door on your left with two large black vases on each side and wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv walk straight in the opposite direction of the stairs. There will be couches on your right and shelved on the left. Stop in front of the double wood doors on your left. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the wooden stairs. Wait by the doorway next to the wooden bench. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv You need to walk down the stairs and when you get to the landing go to the last door on the right. Once you go inside the doorway of the bathroom wait. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs and go into the door on your right. Wait by the toilet. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Had past the wooden table and towards the two archways.  Walk through the archway on the left. Turn left and go down the hall. Make a right after the light switches and stop in the archway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk across the room to the other end of the table. Walk out the 2 small wood doors in front of you. Once out turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right through the entryway before the ovens. Stop once you are facing the long hallway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the dinning room table and enter the hallway. Then turn left and walk into  the kitchen. Stand near the oven. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Move ahead in between bar and table to the chair. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn to your left and walk past the sports items on display. Stop when you reach the wood bench in the middle of the room. You should be facing the TV. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk across the room, keeping the railing on your left.  Once you reach the sitting area, stop in front of the abacus on the right side of the first stuffed chair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk towards the sink, then turn left into the open door.  Walk through the bedroom and out of wooden door.  Wait by the doll case in the hallway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX After you leave the bathroom and bedroom wait in the hall just outside the doorway beside the glass case with the dolls. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave the bathroom and bedroom. Stop in front of the cabinet full of dolls in the hallway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave the room and take a left int he hall. Enter the room which is first on the right.Take a right and stop on the rug in front of the animal head on the floor. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room and head into the adjacent room across the hall. Go stand next to the horned animal's head. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit out of the room through the door. Walk straight towards another door that is on the right of you, passing the stairs. Enter the room walk ahead and turn right at the first corner, and stop in front of the animal showpiece. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom and turn right to walk out of the bedroom.  Walk to the top of the stairs and stop on the third step down. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom then exit the room using the door on the right. Head down the stairs and go down three steps then stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk out of the bedroom and to the top of the stairs. Step to the third step down and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go into the bathroom then exit through the other door on the left. Turn right and go out through the door on the right then go straight until you get near the top of the stairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the bathroom, take a right and walk through the kitchen.Take a right out of the kitchen and walk down the hall. Stop once you leave the hall way. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go through the bathroom and into the kitchenette. Go past the counter and out the open door. Head down the hallway and stop right past the open book. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the bed to your left, exit the room through the rightmost door that's ahead of you and to the right. Continue down the hallway until you pass through an arched opening, then turn ninety degrees to the right and step through the arched opening. Stop when you reach the door on your immediate right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the bedroom then go straight until you get to an arch. Go right on the arch and wait in that hallway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit bedroom through the doorway on the far right. Walk directly forward. Take first sharp right at welcome sign. Wait by the table with a handbag on it. 
2azQ1b91cZZ turn around and walk down the hall. Then go halfway up the stairs and stand next to the second glass rose picture. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight and go up the stairs to your right. Go up nine steps then stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the foyer and go up the stairs on the right. Stop once you have gone up eight stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the room and walk straight ahead down the hallway. Stop in the area between the living room and dining room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the library and walk straight across the foyer. In the hall take a left into the living room and walk right into the dining room. Stop behind the second dining chair on the left side of the table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the room and past the stairs. Walk through the second hallway to the left. Turn left and walk into the room. Stop in front of the dining room table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the closet and into the hallway. Walk through the hallway entrance on the left.Stop just inside the entryway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the closet into the hall way. Enter the doorway to the nearest left. Enter the bedroom. Wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn to your left and exit the room out of the door beside the wooden drawers. Once out of the room walk across the small area and through the next entry way on the left. Stop inside the room before you get to the doors leading outside. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the closet. Walk past the drapery on the right. Wait at the threshold of the bedroom door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the room through the door on the right. Walk forward through the bedroom and wait in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the closet, and walk out of the bedroom. Stop once you exit the bedroom door. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the hall and go up the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the bottom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk along the narrow rug past the statue on the table, and go up two steps. Wait on the third step. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go straight down the hall and go up the stairs. Stop at the 3rd step. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the closet and bedroom. In the hall go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the top. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the dressing room and turn left. Walk into the bedroom. Turn right and walk past the bedroom to the door on the right. Go through the doorway and wait a few steps down the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the closet and go to the left towards the bed.  Go to the right to exit the bedroom.  Go left and go down the stairs.  Stop on the third stair. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk out of the bathroom and straight across the hall. Walk down the steps and stop. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight across and enter the double doors at the end of the hallway. Stop once inside the door. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room and walk to the end of the hallway. Wait at the bottom of the steps. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom, and walk forward. Turn left at the corner, and make another left inside the room that has the big black alphabet frame on the wall in the outside. Enter the room and stop there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom. Walk by the bathroom. Take the first left. Walk through the first door on the left. Stop by the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and walk out of the room into the hallway. Walk down the hallway and then turn left in the first hallway on on your left. Walk into the hallway and turn left into the kitchen storage area and stop right before you reach the sink. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go into the room with the white head bust and continue through the doorway until you take a few steps into the bedroom and then stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and walk down the red rug and cross the room. Stop once you enter the next room and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn until you're facing the red carpet that creates a path for tourists to walk on. Then move forward passing a couple of chairs on your right until you pass through a double door opening and the carpet takes an approximately thirty degree turn to the right. Stop just after the carpet makes that turn. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down hall from sitting room until it ends and turn right. Stop between mirror and art. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the shelf and down the hallway to the left of the double doors. At the end of the hallway turn right and stop in front of the end table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ go through the far hallway, make a left go straight and wait by the bookshelf. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go down the stairs and take a right. Go down the hall that runs along the stairs. Take the second right past the stairs. Enter the bedroom and stop in the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go down the stairs and turn right 180 degrees and follow the hall. Go through the doorway at the end of the hall. Take the first right and stand in the doorway of the bedroom with a large black-framed mirror sitting on the ground leaning against a wall. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk down the long hallway next to the stairs, past the wine cellar and wait in the bedroom on the right. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk toward the oven.  Go through the archway on your right that is past the painting of the girl in a blue bonnet.  Go through the doorway on your left.  Stop in front of the small sink, before you reach the grill. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go left and go through the first arch on the right then turn left and stop by the sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk left past the island and into the dining room. Turn right through the entryway and then left past the microwave. Stop just inside the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs. Turn right. Stop just inside the doorway of the bedroom with the round mirror on the wall to the right, opposite the bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP GO up the stairs, turn right. Stop in the bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go upstairs and enter the bedroom on the right. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the stairs and turn hard left at the landing. Wait on the rug, near the doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs and turn left into the room then wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk downstairs and walk into the room on your left.  Stop just inside the room on the corner of the rug. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go down the hall with the piano and take a left at the end. Take the first left In the bedroom. Step on the carpet halfway between the nightstand and tv stand and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight, pass the piano and the pictures on the wall then turn left and head down the hallway then turn right and stop by the bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the violin on your right, start walking down the hallway, passing a piano on your left. At the end of the hallway, take a left and then an immediate right into a bedroom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room using the door on the right then turn right and go up the stair until you get four steps from the top then stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit through the set of double doors and head up one flight of the stairs.  Wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 With the fireplace on your left side, move forward until you can exit the room through a door to your left. Exit through the door and climb the stairs to your immediate right. After reaching the first landing, take two more steps up the next staircase. 
Z6MFQCViBuw With the rope barrier directly to your right, move forward while staying on the carpet pathway and turn left when you reach the corner. Continue on the pathway until you reach a T intersection on the pathway and turn right to exit the room though a set of double doors. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit the room using the second door on the right then go straight until you get to the glass sign that has a red arrow on it. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and turn right in the doorway after the set of red chairs. Wait just outside this same doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go straight and exit the room then go up the stairs on your left until you get to the top and wait there by the statue. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit through the door to the right. Walk by the bathroom and through another door into the landing. Go all the way up the stairs. Wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn right and go through the door. Go down the hall way and go up the stairway to the left. Continue up the stairway to the left. Wait by the statue. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit bathroom into bedroom. Exit bedroom into hallway. and stop by stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past the towel rack on the right. Exit the bathroom, and walk through the closet. Make a left at the bed, and walk to the open bedroom door. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the shower and turn left. Exit the bathroom and go through the closet to the bedroom. Turn left and and go to   the door. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn left and walk across the lawn towards the dark grey fence. Turn left again and walk down the side of the house. Stop before the second stair step on the walkway. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn toward your left and walk to the grey fence at the side of the yard.  At the fence, walk along the side of the yard going towards the house.  When you get to the sidewalk that runs along the side of the house, walk up one step and then stop before you walk up the second step. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go right and head up the right side of the house. Go up one step then wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Locate the large painting above the teapot. Go through the door to the right of it. Pass the white couch and go through the door to the right of the fireplace. Travel to the brown couch with the pillow. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Stand in the doorway between the living area and the large silver grill in the kitchen area. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the room using the left arch then pass the couches and the fireplace and go out the door on the left then turn right and wait by the barbecue. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the kitchen counter and sofa area towards the next room ahead. Walk through the entry and down the hall passing a shelf and room with couches. Turn the corner and walk down the hall past a picture with letters on it. Walk into the room at the end of the hall that has wall paper with stereos on it and a desk area with a stereo on top. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the living room into the hallway. Take the first right, and walk straight. Stop on the rug in the office and stand in front of the bookshelf. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and head down the hallway. Turn right at the first entry way on your right. Enter the next small hallway and head straight into the room straight ahead. Stop inside of the room once you reach the chair and the desk and are facing the 3 windows. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk through the kitchen and turn left.  Walk into the small room with a sink and stop near the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go through middle room and to the right into the room with the sink, go straight through until you come to an archway on your left make a left through it and go through the doorway and wait. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room and head straight then turn right and pass through the kitchen and then turn left and go into the second door on the right and stop by the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and walk past the sink. Turn left and exit the room. Turn right into the kitchen and tun right again to walk in front of the counter.  Walk forward stopping right before you are in front of the kitchen sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past the dink and out the door, towards the big sofa.  Stop between the back of the sofa and the white kitchen counter. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ With the sliding glass door behind you, head out of the room and take a quick dog leg to the left. Go past the kitchen, then turn right and stand between the kitchen and the couch. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the dining room into the area with the tiled floor and exit sign. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the open double doors into a room with a dining table.  Walk straight ahead to the next set of double doors.  Stop right next to the metal thing on the wall. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Leave the room you are in by using the door nearest to you. Continue walking straight until the end of the next room. Leave this room. Walk forward until you are standing in front of the black door on the right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go right to the other side of the last chair turn to the left of you., then turn left and keep going through the archway to the middle back of the couch, and turn right and stop in the exercise room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk into the kitchen between the counters and enter the living room. Take a right into the fitness room on the right. Stop at the back edge of the treadmill. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Head into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and out to the living room. Pass the beige couches and turn right into the exercise room and wait by the treadmill. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward down the hall with the row of doors on the left. Once you pass the second set of doors and windows stop in the middle of the hall across from the sitting area. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk straight all the way ahead passing both the semi circle brown tables on the right. Stop in front of the four beige cushioned sofa seats that are placed in a circle. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the tapestry and large white vase behind you, walk straight down the hallway with all the windows.  Stop when a sitting room appears on your right.  Stop in the middle of the hallway in front of the opening to this room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the open double doorway next to the long wooden table. Continue straight back inside through the next doorway. Once inside, in the room with the round table and four chairs, go stand in the first doorway on the right. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight until you exit the room and go outside. Continue going straight to go inside again then turn right and wait at the entrance to the kitchen. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the short side of the table and chairs. Walk through the open area into the room with a round table. Turn left and stand in the doorway. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around and then turn right to walk all the way down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk down the stairs, stop at the bottom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs to your right and stop when you get all the way down. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk forward toward the stairs. Enter the living area on the right. Wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk through the living room past the front doors.  Stop next to the chair by the lamp. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Exit the library area and go to the living are.  Turn right and wait at the wooden chair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight until you get to the frame on the wall of the teddy bear with the balloons saying "welcome" then turn right and go straight until you get to the room and wait in the entrance. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk toward the end table with the mirror on the wall.  Continue walking straight past the sitting area towards the pots on display.  Walk past the pots and the staircase and go through the archway on your left.  Stop in front of  the doorway that leads to another room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the end table and down the hallway. Walk past the glass doors. Turn right just past the stars. Walk to the end of the hallway and stop just outside the door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room and walk straight through the next open door. Continue straight through the kitchen until you reach the wooden table. Wait here. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight ahead to the other side of the kitchen and stop right at the beginning of the long brown table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight ahead through the door way. Walk through the kitchen storage area and into the kitchen. Walk all the way through the kitchen and stop when you reach the wood table with black and metal chairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk through the dining room into the living room and take a left. Take a left at the stairs and walk forward along the hallway next to the stairs. At the end of the hall take a right into the art room. Stop once you enter the room. 
TbHJrupSAjP With the large window to your right, head forward and to your left until you reach the base of some stairs leading upwards. Continue past the stairs and towards some more stairs leading downwards. Pass to the right of those second stairs and down a narrow hallway with the banister on your left and some artwork on the wall towards your right. Enter the next room on your right when you reach it. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go along the table, go left into the living room, go passed the stairs to your left and passed the mirror to your right, go to the right of the top of the stairs and through the archway, turn right into the double glass doors and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bathroom. Turn left. Then go into the bedroom nearest to the world map on the wall above a desk. Stop a couple of feet into the room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Turn left and walk into the second door on the right. Stop in front of the bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and exit the bathroom. Once out turn left and head towards the sitting area. Once you reach that area turn left and enter the door to your right, beside the desk. Stop once you are in the doorway of the room. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk along the patio. Stan behind the table at the end and stop. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk straight and pass the couches then pass the white table with the four chairs and stop by the brick wall. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around and walk across the patio to the other side. Stop on the other side of the white table facing the yard and the brick wall. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Leave the room through an entryway next to the painting of a man with a white wig and go down the hall with a long row of paintings, and wait at the entry to another room on the other end. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk to the far end of the room and through the door at the end. Stop inside the doorway to the dining room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Follow the red carpet on the right side of the room. Follow it past the chairs and stop in the door way at the end of the room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave the room, cross the hall and wait in the room next to the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go straight and pass the antelope head then go left and go into the hallway then go left again and approach the stairs. Go straight into the room ahead and wait at the entrance. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go through the pillars, make a left go through the doorway, make another left towards the stairs, make a right passed the stairs on your right into the doorway and wait. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Keeping the hanging wall mirror on your right, proceed onward up the hall until you reach another hallway on your left, go down that left hallway. You will know you are on the correct path if you see a framed photo of letters on the right wall. Continue moving forward until you pass the room on the left with the sink. Pivot to your right and travel in a forward direction down across the tile and then take a step onto the carpet in front of you. Stand on that carpet and wait for further instructions. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go through the hallway, turn left at the intersection, go straight into middle room and then turn right and go straight into the dooryway and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward, and take a left. Go down the hall and take a right before you enter the office. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop once you are in the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hallway towards the windows. Pass the kitchen and keep going. Take a right and stop next to the rug in front of the couch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and walk straight down the long hallway towards the windows. Once you pass the bar area, turn right and enter the living room. Stop in front of the doors leading outside. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left. Wait in between the table and chairs on the right and the couches. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk down the red carpet away from the bedroom, through the doorway and wait near the stairs. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go straight through the room and wait by the small pool on the floor. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight through the doors and wait in the hall. 
8194nk5LbLH Move forward past the television on the wall, continue forward until you reach the potted plant and a door. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk through the TV room. Go to the door to the outside area that is on the left side Stop to the right of the door. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk across the room and stop next to the door going outside, near the stairs. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the fridge and out of the doorway and turn left before the bathroom. Then turn left and stop in the room with two white sofas opposite each other. Stop next to the corner table with a plant on it. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen passing the fridge on the left. Turn left at the hall then turn left again. Wait in the room on the right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the kitchen and wait in the sitting room, near the loveseat. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit bathroom, make hard left into bedroom, wait by bed. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the bathroom and turn left. Walk past the guardrail and turn into the first bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the bathroom then turn left and go into the bedroom next door. Wait near the bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP With the stairs leading downwards to your immediate right, move forward into the bedroom. Upon entering the bedroom, go left and enter the dressing area towards your left near the head of the bed. Counting counter-wise with the door to the immediate left of the opening to the bedroom being number one, go to the third door which will allow you access to the toilet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Turn left and turn left again and turn right into the bathroom after the white rug. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the stairs and into the bedroom. Walk by the nightstand, and turn left. Walk into the open door directly beside the bathroom door and wait. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Enter the building and walk through the kitchen. Stop in the hall next to the ovens. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Move forward into the kitchen, take the first door on the right, move forward past the sink and counter top, enter the hallway to the right of the oven. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn right and enter the kitchen. Wait in the doorway next to the oven. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go forward toward the mirrors. Exit the bedroom area through the door directly ahead. Enter the hallway, and turn left. Go toward the indoor dining table. Stop there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk around the front of the bed past the arm chair in the corner. Walk out through the door in the corner of the room past the mirrored closet doors. Walk into the tiled hallway. Turn the corner in the hall and walk to the next corner with a painting on the wall and a vent on the wall around the corner. Walk into the next room with a dining table and cabinets against the wall. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk towards the mirror, and take a right. Walk straight through the open door in front of you. Make a hard left, then another. Wait by the long table. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go toward the stairs. Turn into the room just before the stairs and stop in the doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the hallway and wait in the room next to the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk in the direction of the stairs. Take a right into the room at the end of the stairs. Stop once you are in the dining room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Head down the stairs, turn right and continue down the stairs until you reach a door, turn right and continue further down to the bottom of the stairs, wait there near two door frames. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Continue down the stairs until level ground. Go down another level, then another, then stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the staircase until you reach the bottom floor. Wait near the first open door. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk from telephone down hall and turn left down hall just before vase. Walk through archway into bedroom. Stop between bed and chair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward down the hall, and take a left at the hall. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall and stop once you are on the rug next to the bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk towards the stairs and down the hall next to the stairs. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room, turn right and go down the stairs, turn right and right again to the keep going down stairs, when you have reached the bottom stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit into the hallway, turn right and head downstairs until you reach the door, turn right and continue down the stairs, and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room then turn right and go down the stairs and turn right and go down the other stairs then stop. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn left and go up the steps. Turn right at door across from the word 'ART' into massage room. Stop at massage table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk up the stairs to the left. Continue straight and walk up the next set of stairs. Turn into the first room on the right and wait near the massage table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn around and walk up both sets of stairs. Take a right into the massage room and wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the kitchen and wait in the hallway, outside the dining room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk around kitchen island to dining room. Turn right and stop next to table with cross and vase. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go between the counters, turn left, turn right, and stop before the display and dining room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight passed the fridge on your left, through the doorway, turn right, and then turn right again and go straight into the doorway and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and exit the kitchen. Turn right and then another right to enter into the bedroom. Wait in the bedroom doorway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight through the kitchen then turn right and head down the hall then turn right and head all the way down into the bedroom. Wait at the entrance. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go down the hallway, turn left in the circle room, go into the doorway before the mirror and take a few steps in and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Head down the hallway pass the picture on the right of the people on horseback. At the intersection turn left. Go into the bedroom and stop next to the rug. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the bedroom and take a left. Enter another bedroom and wait there, next to the table and lamp. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bedroom and walk straight. Take the last left at the end of the hallway. Stop once you are in the bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room then go straight until you pass the room on the left then turn left and go into the room and wait by the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go down the narrow hall and wait at the doorway of the bathroom with the large tub. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk to the far side of the room and stop in the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go down the roped hallway opposite the bedroom and go into the doorway on the other side of the room and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk down the path with the informational sign to your right. Stop in the doorway where the red carpet ends. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room then go straight and turn left. Go straight until you pass an eye chart picture frame on the left wall then wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom then turn left down the hall. Stop just past the eye exam chart on the wall. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom and turn left, past the bathroom. Continue through the short hallway, past the washroom and pantry. Wait in the intersection with the long hallway, in between the low shelf and table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the long rectangular dining table to the left, then turn left. Wait under the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go along the brown table towards the china display, turn left before the display and stop near the brown post. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go stand underneath the stairs, next to the liquor shelf. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the massage room and go straight across the hallway through the brown double doors, go down the steps and stop. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn around and walk into the room with the pool. Walk down the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the bathroom then go straight until you get to a room. Wait by the desk. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Keep walking forward passing all the picture frames on the wall. Turn left at the corner before where the chairs are placed. Walk forward passing the big pots placed on the floor on your left. Turn left and stop in front of the sofa. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and walk down the hallway. When you reach the black chair at the wall, turn left. Once you turn left walk forward and enter the next room on your left. Stop once you are behind the first yellow chair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go forward down the hall. At the end of the hall take a left, and take another left into the sitting room with the mural. Stop once you enter the room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ walk away from fireplace, through the doorway on the left side of the bed, continue straight, turn left through doorway to bathroom and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the room with the bed on your right. Go through the doorway on your left, entering the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit bedroom through arch doorway.  Enter the room to the left.  Wait by door. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit out the door to the left side of the room. Once out turn left and enter the double wood doors. Once inside the room, stop at the end of the reception desk. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room through open door. Turn left and walk outside that door towards the pool. Stand just outside that door, looking at the pool with the bar on your left. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk straight, then turn left and exit the bathroom. Turn left, and walk through the doorway and down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk forward and turn left passing the television. Keep walking towards the glass windows and stop there. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past the dining room table, through the sitting room and out the sliding glass doors. Wait on the patio near the table and chairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso From kitchen walk into living room, turn left and exit the slider. Stop on the porch next to the table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around with your back facing the bath tub. Walk forwards through the rounded entry way towards the two tan colored picture frames. Turn right in front of the frames, Walk past the piano. Continue walking towards the table with the clay vase. and plants. Stop right in front of the table in front of the clay vase. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and then turn right. Go passed the piano and stop near the table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the doors opposite the bathroom. Walk past the piano and continue past the violin on the wall. Stop in front of table with the large vase. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right passed the stairs and pass the couch. Enter the dining room. Continue down the hall and stop in the kitchen. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right when you pass the stairs. Walk straight and then turn right. Pass the table with the chairs and wait near the kitchen area. 
TbHJrupSAjP Move past the stairs and through the next room.  Wait in the entrance to the kitchen. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk straight and then turn right to exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Turn left when you get to large glass doors on the right and wait near the clear vase with the white flowers. 
QUCTc6BB5sX turn right and walk past wood table, turn right at the doorway, turn left down the hallway, turn right and stop behind plush chair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right and walk forward to exit out the door to the right beside the refrigerator.  Once out walk forward down the hallway and keep walking until you pass the stairs to the left. Once you pass the stairs, enter the next room to the left and stop behind the first chair. 
oLBMNvg9in8 With the table to your left, go through the door on the right and down the stairs.  On the landing, go outside through the door rather than going down more stairs.  Stop in the doorway going outside. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go out through the open yellow door to your right. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and enter the hallway. Then walk down the stairs. Stand near the front door. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and exit the room. Turn left and exit the room on the left. Then Stop in the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit the room. Turn left and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Talk through the double doors into the room with the small fountain and the chandelier. Then make a left near the stairs and walk into the dining room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the counters and exit the kitchen. Wait next to the landscape painting on the wall. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk between the two kitchen islands and then turn right. Pass through the stone archway and stop just after you pass through it. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the kitchen. Walk through the archway to the left of the stove. Wait at the framed landscape painting. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn to face ceiling lamp in the shape of a star. Walk toward lamp. Walk past lamp through hall. Walk past stairs. Continue through foyer past front door and wooden seat to go down next hall. Turn slight left at dark brown wooden arch. Walk through arch toward dining table. Stop before dining table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and walk towards the large clock. Once you reach the clock, turn right and walk through the doorway. Once out, enter the doorway to the left of the bench. Walk forward and enter the entry way made out of wood. Stop once you reach the large table and chairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through the hall to the right side of the big clock. Go to the circular tile on the floor. Go through the hallway next to the wooden chair. Go to the dining table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn ro your left and exit into the hallway. Turn left and enter the bedroom and then turn left and enter the closet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bedroom. Go to the next bedroom on the left. Go to the foot of the bed. Go into the closet across from the blue bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP Stand so the foot of the bed is to your right and walk out of the room, going past a big mirror on the way.  Once outside walk straight until you see an open door to a bedroom on your left.  Walk into the room and stand at the foot of the bed with the bed behind you.  Walk through the doorway on the left into the closet.  Stop in this doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP walk away from sink, turn left, walk towards foot of bed, exit through doorway on left, turn right and step down two stairs and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom, and turn left. Turn left at the bed and exit the room. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go in the bedroom on the left. Turn left and go past the bed and exit the bedroom past the mannequin. Turn right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen area past the sink and stove top. Pass the two bar stools tucked under the counter and turn the corner at the end of the counter top. Walk through the hall and turn into the first open door in the corner that leads to a bedroom with a large opening to the outside. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ face the fridge, turn left, walk straight past stove and sink,turn left in first doorway, turn right and walk through door, stop in front of the doorway to the closet on your left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight past the oven. Turn left and enter the doorway. Go into the doorway to the right of the painting and wait. 
TbHJrupSAjP walk towards top of the stairs, walk past stairs and turn right, walk through doorway turn right and stop once you walk through two glass doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and walk past the stairs. Turn left once you pass the stairs and walk to the end of the hallway. Turn right and stop in the doorway of the double white doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left just beyond staircase railing to enter hallway.  Walk past painting on the wall.  Turn right.  Walk into room with circle rug.  Wait here. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk into the kitchen, walk past the stove, wait near the telephone. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk towards the kitchen and go through the kitchen into the hallway. Stop in the hallway next to the phone and answering machine. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Head straight into the kitche. Go past the island and cabinets. Stop just inside next room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and walk across the room and exit. Once out, walk forward and turn right when you reach the bookcase to your left. Turn left and walk through the kitchen storage area and through the kitchen and stop when you reach the end of the counter. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit bedroom and walk straight to kitchen. Stop at edge of counter. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom. Go to the right towards the kitchen. Stand next to the hallways located after the cabinets. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk past the large urn on a pedestal to the right. Walk through the doorway under the green and white exit sign.Wait at the red rope stanchion to the left. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the doorway with paintings of men on either side.  Wait here, next to pots on floor. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight until you get to a room that has a black table on the left with flowers on it. Wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down stairs.  Once you reach the bottom, turn hard left.  Enter the room straight ahead.  Wait here. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Descend down the stairs. Turn left and stop in the room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go down the stairs, Turn left and enter the room. Wait near the chairs that are facing the fireplace. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the washroom past the double closet doors and walk into the next room. Walk into the kitchen area and continue along the counter tops past the sink. Continue through the open door at the end of the counter tops. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ With your back faced towards the doorway leading outside, walk through the door with the wooden frame and into the kitchen area. Take an immediate right and walk into the kitchen area. There should be counter tops on either side of you. Walk past the fridge and sink and through the door. Once past the door you should see the entrance of a bathroom and there you will reach your destination. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and go to the left. Turn right and cross through the kitchen. At the end of the hallway stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go straight pass the couches on the left. Turn left and go down the stairs on the left. Go down three steps then stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and walk out the doorway to the right of the large black cabinet. Once out turn left to go down the stairs. Stop on the 2nd step from the stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the house, and go through the kitchen. Leave the kitchen through the door on the right of the large black bookcase. Go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair from the top. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past the couch towards the kitchen area. Go between the kitchen and dining room table through the door way in the center. Turn right into the bedroom. Stop in front of the closet. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the kitchen and through the first door on the right. Stop outside the closet door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the opening between the kitchen and the dining room. Turn right, go through the doorway and stop next to the closet with the yellow pillow on the shelf. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk into the hallway with a long end table and three pictures on the wall. Walk past the basket filled with balls. Go through the right archway into the kitchen. Walk past the table and bookshelf. Enter the bathroom and exit through the far door. Stop inside the gym. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left then walk down the hallway.  Then turn right and enter the den.  Then walk through the bath room and enter the exercise room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Take a right down the hall and go forward. Take a right and enter the pantry, then left into the bathroom, and through the bathroom into the fitness room. Stop once you enter the fitness room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave the room between the two columns past the antelope. Turn Left and exit  into the hallway. Turn left again and go down the stairs. Stop at the door down stairs just before the exit to the building and wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 walk between the columns towards the sofa. walk through the doorway with the white door. walk down the stairs. stop in front of the door leading outside. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk forward into the sitting room ahead. Once in, turn left and walk through the doorway. Once through, turn left and walk to the bottom of the steps. Stop once you reach the door at the bottom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around, walk towards the hallway and past the rug, continue to the top of the steps near the mirror and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the far end of the walkway and wait at the top of the stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the railings and over the square rug.  Keep following the railings and walk across the round rug that is in the 11 o'clock position from the end of the square rug.  Stop after passing over the round rug, just before some stairs going down. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn around and exit the doorway. Turn left and exit the door. Stop next to the pool. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room. Turn left and walk straight toward the pool. Wait near the pool. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Put the stairs behind you, and walk through the door in front of you. Turn left, and walk through that door. Go straight and stand just next to the pool. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk along the poolside past the armchairs. Continue around the edge of the pool past the railings. Walk towards the open door with the two chairs up against the wall next to its entrance. Walk through the open doorway and into the spa area with fountains on the walls. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk across relaxation pool and enter the relaxation alter. Stop next to lit candles. 
x8F5xyUWy9e walk forward near the pool and make a right turn and stop at the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and walk all the way through the next room. Enter the doorway straight ahead and stop once you enter and there are chairs on both sides of you. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight down the hallway and enter the doorway. Wait inside the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk towards the antique bed and wait in front of it. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right and continue passed the piano. Turn left and stop in the archway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn to your right and walk down the hallway past the piano to the end. Turn left when you reach the dresser drawers and stop in the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the violin on your right, walk straight down the hallway, past the windows on the right.  Turn left at the end and stop in the round doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go right into the hall. Take a left and go down the hall. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the room. Turn left and go down the hallway. Continue down the hallway until you get to a stairs. Turn left and go up the first step. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the bedroom and walk straight.  When you get to the glass wine room, turn left and walk through the doorway past it.  Go down the hallway to the right and turn left at the stairs.  Go up the first step and then stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave art room to hall and turn left to stairs going up. Stop on 3rd stair. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn right toward the couch and go through the open door on the left. Turn left and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn right and walk past the columns, then turn left and enter the hallway.  Stand on the stairs going up. Wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight through the kitchen. Turn slightly right to continue walking straight down the hallway. Turn right and wait near the entrance of the second room on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen, turn slight right, wait near the bedroom doorway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and walk straight across the kitchen and through the storage area. Once out, turn right and then enter the last room on the left and stop in the doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk away from the fireplace, past the table. Go through the door and up the stairs. Go past the first landing. Stop on the second stair up from the landing. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn left into the second door. Turn right and go up the stairs. Turn left and go up four steps then stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room into the hallway, travel up the stairs on your right, take a left and continue up the stairs and wait near the top of the last step. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left just past the stairs. Stop in the left doorway at the end of the hall. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and walk around the stair case, and turn left and stop in the door on the left. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and exit the kitchen and enter the hallway with the stairs.  Walk around the stair well and enter the laundry room. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk to the other end of the lobby and wait near the exit. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk straight toward the bar with the chairs/stool. Turn left and go straight until you get to three tables with chairs. Turn left and wait near the couch. 
8194nk5LbLH Go forward toward the windows. Go toward the the far couch, Stop next to the couch, in front of the windows. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom and go into the bedroom. Exit the bedroom. Start down the stairs, Stop three steps down. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom. Turn left and walk toward the room. When you get to the bed turn right and go out the door on the right. Turn left and go down five steps. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit bathroom. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Walk towards the bed and turn right. Exit bedroom. Walk down two stairs and stop on the stairs. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bathroom and enter the hall. Take a left in the hall and then enter another hall. Take a right at this hall, then take a left to enter another bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bathroom. Turn left and then turn right. Turn left and go into the other bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out the door in front of you and turn left. Once you reach the black shelf, turn right and enter the hallway. Turn into the first door on your left and stop once you enter the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Face the indoor grill and turn right. Walk straight through the door way.  Walk passed the microwave on the left. Walk through the doorway and stop beside the door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Stand with the wooden door behind you.  Walk straight, past the oven and through the door to the next room.  Walk through the room past the sink and microwaves.  Stop after passing through the last doorway of the room with the microwaves and into the hall. 
2azQ1b91cZZ With the grill/oven on your left, walk straight through to the room with the microwaves.  Walk straight through this room and out the door on the other side.  Stop after stepping through the door at the end. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the small staircase. Turn right, Go to the second stair going down and stop. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around and go up the stairs. Turn right and stop just passed the bottom of the stairs with carpet. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn to face black door. Walk forward. Turn right to walk past stairs. Stop in front of door on right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go through closest doorway. Walk towards tub, then go into room with toilet. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the area though the double arched doors nearest you and continue forward into the bathroom ahead of you. After entering the bathroom, go to the right into the small room with the toilet. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and walk forward towards the white tub. Turn right towards the first room that is next to the white tub, not on the corner. Walk inside the room. There should be a toilet bowl visible, and stop there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and walk straight forward down the hallway all the way to the other end. Once you reach the end turn left and stop in the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk straight until you get to a dresser with a vase on top of it. Turn left and wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk all the way forward passing all the picture frames on the wall on your left. Enter the corner on your left with the arch layout, and stop there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the kitchen and turn right. Go down the hall and wait next to the bedroom door that is second on the right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Move forward through the kitchen, enter the room to the right, wait near the bedroom doorway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn to the left and walk down the hallway to exit the kitchen. Once you reach the end of the hallway Turn right and stop in front of the last bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Enter the dining room through the closest doorway. Follow the red carpet around to the right. Head through the doorway directly ahead. Wait by the rug. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Enter large dinning room, walk across room to exit on right. Wait at doors. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and go through the door. Turn right and continue down the red carpet. Stop at the end of the hall and the door. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right, and walk a bit, and turn left. Walk towards the black chairs, and turn right. Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right into hall, walk straight into the kitchen, stop at refrigerator. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right and go down the hallway then turn left.Pass the chair on the left and turn right into the kitchen. Wait near the fridge. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk between the the kitchen counter and the couch and down the hall. Stop near the mirror that is hanging on the left side of the hallway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk across kitchen to entry way, stop between vase and mirror. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward, in between sofa and kitchen counter.  Continue straight until you reach a wooden table with two red squares on top.  Wait here. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the room by exiting through the open double doors. Go down the stairs and stop on the second step from the top and wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and walk past the dining table, then turn right and walk through the doorway to the top of the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk around the table and exit the room.  Walk down the first set of stairs. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk straight across the wine cellar and exit out the door on the other side. Once out turn left and then enter in the door to your left in the corner. Stop once you enter the open room with several large cabinets. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward past the racks of wine bottles until you exit the wine cellar.  Turn to your left and enter the first room on your left.  Wait on the rug just inside the room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight through the wine room and pass through the open gated glass door. Turn sharply left and go through the open door on your left. Wait just outside the door on the rug. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go alongside the pool towards the bar directly in front of you. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go straight passed the pool and stop by the right of the bar. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk forward, pass the swimming pool, and wait by the coffee table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up stairs, turn left and stop in bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP walk away from fireplace, turn left and walk up the stairs, curve right, walk up more, curve right and walk up all of the stairs, turn left at the top of the stairs, stop in the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs and turn left. Wait at the doorway to the bedroom straight ahead. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left at top of stairs.  Walk forward into bedroom.  Continue straight, and turn left into bathroom.  Wait here. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs and go left into the bedroom. Turn left into the bathroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Once at the top of the stairs, turn left and walk towards the first doorway.  Enter the first doorway and walk towards the bed.  Once at the foot of the bed, turn left and walk through the door.  You should now be standing in front of a sink and mirror. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs, turn left, make another left, stop near the bedroom doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs in front of you all the way to the top. At the top turn left and then left again to walk along the railing and stop when you enter the room on the end. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs. Go into the bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Enter the kitchen to the left. Go forward and through the brick archway directly ahead. Enter the living area with the beige couch. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX face four kitchen bar stools, turn left, turn right after the last kitchen bar stool and walk straight through kitchen, stop in the middle of the stone arch doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk forward into the kitchen. Continue through the kitchen and exit into the living room. Stop next to the table behind the sofa. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk along the red carpet away from the painting, with the chairs on your right. Turn the corner, following the red carpet. Stop just before the double doors, on the opposite corner from your starting position. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight until you can't anymore then turn left. Wait near the door way straight ahead. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Stay on red carpet and walk towards decorative chair.  Continue to follow the red carpet as you turn left at the decorative chair.  Make another left to follow the carpet.  Wait in front of doorway with fire extinguisher. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go to the far end of the kitchen and wait in the sitting area. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and exit the pantry. Cross from the counter to the patio and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and walk through the kitchen. Go right into the living room and stop by the rug. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and go through the archway. Turn to the left of the door and stop in the bathroom. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the bedroom and walk strait across the hallway. Enter the door at the back of the bedroom and wait near the sink. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk across the hall, through the bedroom and stop inside the en suite bathroom. 
QUCTc6BB5sX walk  through the doorway on the right side of the bed, walk straight past decorative cabinet on your left, continue through doorway and stop on hardwood floor. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left to face bed. Walk past bed and out of door. Walk across hall to next bedroom. Stop in doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Enter the bedroom, and then exit on the far side of the bedroom. Walk across the hall and enter the adjacent bedroom. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room. Turn left into the second door. Wait near the entrance. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the small room with the massage table.Enter the second door on the left. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit massage room. Turn left at the second door way on the left.  Turn right once in the room and sop near the massage table. 
8194nk5LbLH Go through the lobby and wait in the kitchen. 
8194nk5LbLH walk towards fireplace, walk on the left side of the brown couch, turn right after couch, turn left after four person table and stop in front of barstools. 
8194nk5LbLH walk around the sofa then walk straight at the island table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and exit the bathroom. Walk down the hallway once you pass the wine cellar, keep to the right to enter the next hallway. Go to the end of that hallway and turn to stop on the bottom step of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave bathroom and go down hall, turn left and stop at stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom and walk down the hall. Wait at the bottom of the stairs, on the first step. 
X7HyMhZNoso Enter the bedroom.  Turn left and exit the bedroom through the door.  Wait by stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go out of the closet into the bedroom and turn left. Leave through the door and stand at the top of the stair case. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go straight into the bedroom and through the door in the back left corner. Stop by the railing. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and walk to the end and then turn left. Walk all the way past the kitchen bar Once you are past the bar, turn right and enter the hallway. Go past the door on your left to the stairs and stop at the next door looking into the sitting area. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Veer left to walk through the kitchen, then turn left. Make the first right and then left into the living room then wait by the console table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and go through the kitchen. Turn left and walk past the kitchen island. Turn right and walk past the pottery. Wait inside the room on the left next to the table with the flowers. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk across the room and out the last door on the right. Once you walk into this room, turn left and walk through the door to the right of the fireplace. Stop in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk forward with the entryway to outside on your left. Go through the far door in this room (the back right corner), and then through the far double wooden doors in the next room. Stop after going through these doors. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go to the rug in front of the outside doorway. Go to the dining room table. Go to the right of the fireplace. Go through the door. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk all the way forward towards the door, and turn left. Walk forward, and stop at the other door. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk past the white marble bust on a pedestal to the right. Make a left at the barricade stanchion to the left. Wait at the fire extinguisher on the floor the left. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the doors at the far end of the room and wait in the doorway to the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk into and through the kitchen. Stop next to the long wooden dining table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and go straight into the kitchen. Go straight and stop by the table near the window. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go to the kitchen, then to the dining room table inside. 
X7HyMhZNoso Enter the open door opposite the stairs to go down. Make a right just before the round bedside table. Walk through the closet. Wait at the toilet. 
X7HyMhZNoso Enter the room directly in front of the stairs. Go into the closet, and continue into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
X7HyMhZNoso face  directly away from stairs and walk through doorway straight ahead, right immediately, walk past bed and turn right into closet, walk straight and stop in front of toilet. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn to face potted plant. Turn right. Walk out of double doors. Turn left. Walk forward. Stop between stairs and mirror. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go around the table and to the right. Walk through the double doors leading into the house and turn left. Take a hard left and wait between the bottom of the stairs and the wall near the mirror on the left. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn around and exit the room out the double white doors and turn left. At the vases turn left and stop when you are beside the bottom of the steps. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the closet and go the bedroom. Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk straight to the top of the stairs and turn right. Walk straight forward and enter the bedroom in from of you. Wait just inside the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and exit the bedroom into the hallway. Walk to the end of the of the hallway. and turn right. Walk into the bedroom straight ahead and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the console table to the right. Make a left just before the bed. Walk past the torso dress form on the right. Walk past the stair railing to the right. Make a right, and walk past the wall mirror to the left. Wait at the open bedroom door. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit bathroom to bedroom, stop at bed. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go straight through the door and exit the bathroom to the closet. Continue straight and exit the closet. Wait near the bed. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk out of the bathroom and through the closet. Stop by the bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and exit out the door to the far right of the bed. Once out, Walk down the hallway. Once you get to where the hallway opens up, turn left and walk past the stairs. Stop looking into the next door to your left facing the sitting room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and exit the bedroom.  Walk down the hallway then turn left and enter the sitting room on your left.  Wait by the chair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and exit the room. Leave through the hallway and pass the painting. Turn left and exit the hallway. Turn left and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the sewing room. Turn right. Go toward the glass cabinet with the dolls in it. Turn into the doorway on the left. Pass the bed and go through the next doorway on the left into the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
QUCTc6BB5sX walk through doorway to exit room, turn right in hallway and walk towards display cabinet, turn left at end of hallway, enter room, walk past bed, walk through doorway on the left after dresser, stop in front of sink. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the sewing room. Turn right and walk towards the curio cabinet. Turn left and enter the bedroom.  Walk past the dresser on your left  and enter the bathroom on your left.  Wait next to the rug that is in front of the sink. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk towards the silver refrigerator.  Walk up the steps on the left.  Wait at top of stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso walk straight past Tv, past fridge, up 5 stairs and stop at the top. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk past the fridge, up the steps, and into the hall. Stop next to the first door on the left. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and go left passed the table and chairs. Go through the door, and stop by the door mat to the next door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ walk towards yellow chair and turn right, walk past couch and straight through doorway towards dining table, walk on left side of dining table through double doors, walk over one doormat, stop on the second doormat. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go towards the dining room table. Go out on the entryway and cross to the other side of the hallway beside the entryway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn left and stop just passed the doorway straight ahead. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward, following the red carpet into the next room. Wait just inside that room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw With the window on the right, move forward and wait in the entrance of the next room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the bed and out the door to exit the bedroom. Once out the bedroom, you will find two doors in front of you. Walk towards the door on the left and you will find yourself at the entrance of a bedroom; that is your destination. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around, walk out the door on the right, and walk across the hall into the bedroom on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bedroom and down the hallway past the little living area on the right. Walk into the door into the next bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight into the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the door on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the kitchen and enter the hallway.  Turn right  at the artwork and wait by the closet. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight past the bar through the doorway. Turn right at the picture and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait by the closet. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go to the left of the counter, and go down the hall. Turn left next to the chairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Step forward, make a left, turn right, enter the room on the left, wait near the chair. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn to your left and walk to the black chair alone at the wall and turn left. Then turn right to walk down the hallway. Walk into the first room on your left and stop behind the first chair. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk around the long dining table and chairs.  At the opposite end of the table, turn left and stop when you are standing directly underneath the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk across kitchen, turn left and stop under the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go straight past the large table and chairs. Turn left and wait near the lamp. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and walk to the right to enter the hallway. Go all the way down the hallway to the end and turn right. Stop once you enter the room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk down hall, at the end of the hall turn right into butler's pantry. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and enter hall on right. Go forward down hallway until you reach flowers. Turn right and enter. Stop once entered. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk up stairs.  Wait at top. 
8194nk5LbLH Go up the stairs and wait at the top. 
8194nk5LbLH Go upstairs and wait at the top. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the room, walk pass the stairs and through the doorway on the left. Wait next to the chair on the left. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and go through the archway. Turn left and take the extreme left. Stop near the mantle. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the room, and walk forward, and enter the room that is next to the stairs. Walk inside the room, and stop there. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Enter the room. Turn slightly right and walk straight to enter the other room using the door on the far right. Wait at the entrance. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and continue through the door. Turn right and then turn left to follow the red carpet. Stop in the entryway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward through the doorway, turn right, walk to the next doorway and wait. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go down hallway towards the staircase. Go up the staircase and wait at the top. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk towards the stairs to the slight right and then make a hard right turn up the stairs and continue until you've reached the top. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and walk toward the stairs on the right. Go up the stairs and stop at the top. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up brown wooden steps, and head inside through sliding glass door.  Walk to couch.  Wait here. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk straight until you get to a porch. Go up the steps of the porch and into the house using the glass double doors. Wait near the tv. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk forward and turn right towards the three stairs to enter the house. Walk forward towards the glass door on the very left corner, and stop there. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Keep walking forward passing the entire picture frames wall on the right. Stop in front of the door that is visible on the left. 
Z6MFQCViBuw With the red ropes to your right, walk down the room on the red carpet past the display.  Turn left when another red carpet meets the one you are on in a right angle.  Stop on the carpet where these two directions of carpet meet. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk to the far end of the room and wait near the fire extinguisher. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the room into the house. Go down the hall straight. Go until you get to the violin mounted on the wall on your right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight until you get to a chandelier on top of your head and a round design on the floor. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Enter the door to the left of the globe.  Walk forward and continue down the corridor.  Continue straight until you reach a circular design on the floor.  Wait here. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk through the room, past everything and towards the further window, stopping once you're near the steps and making a right turn, stop once you're near the chairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn right and walk toward the stairs.  Turn right and wait near the lamp before you get to the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go across the room until your infront of the big doors. Turn right and stay next to the left side of the smallest chair in couch area. 
8194nk5LbLH With the fireplace to your right, walk straight past the big potted plant and up the stairs.  Stop at the very top of the stairs. 
8194nk5LbLH Turn left and walk into the small hallway and up the stairs. Stop at the very top of the stairs. 
8194nk5LbLH Go straight up the stairs. Wait at the top. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk straight then turn left. Walk past three chairs on the right and wait near the last fourth chair. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk past the closed off section and make a slight left turn followed by a sharper left turn and stop completely once near the end of the paintings. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Move to the other side of the center pillar, and wait near its far end. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and walk towards the bookshelf. Once you reach the bookshelf turn right and walk down the hallway to the end and turn right. Stop at when you reach the narrow table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and go down the hallway. Turn right and wait near the black mirror in the left wall. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bedroom and take the first right into a hallway. Take a right at the end of the hall and enter the foyer. Stop before you reach the mirror. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs and stop at the very bottom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Head towards the stairs and make a right. Go down the stairs all the way to the bottom floor and wait at the landing. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk towards the staircase.  Walk down steps.  Wait at bottom of stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the bed into the hallway.  Walk past the stairs and straight into the first room after passing the stairs.  Stop in the doorway to this bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the room. Walk straight past the stairs and into the room ahead. Wait at the entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go forward past the bed and the stairs. Stop in the doorway straight ahead. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the grand dining room and go around the right side of the dining room table. Leave the room through the archway and stop right after you enter the next gallery. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit the dining room through the double doors on the far right. Stop outside the doors and wait. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward passing the dining table on it's right side. Exit the room with the table, and stop before you reach the end of the rug on the right. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around and walk up onto the patio. Walk into the door to the left and enter the sitting room. Walk across the sitting room and into the kitchen. Stop before you reach the steps. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the steps. Go into the house using the sliding doors on the left. Go straight until you get to the fridge and wait there. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up steps across patio and enter the house through the slider. Walk across living room and stop at kitchen. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn left and walk down the hall. Enter the foyer and stand in the middle. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk straight until you get to a white pot with flowers. Turn left and wait near the bottom of the stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Stand with the windows facing outdoors on your left and walk down the hallway.  When you get to the white planter at the end, turn left.  Stop in the middle of the room on the circular floor mosaic. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go down to the bottom of the staircase. Turn immediately right and go to the bottom of the staircase and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk into the hallway and toward the stairs. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and walk towards the stairs. Walk down the first flight of stairs. Continue down the second flight of stairs and stop in the middle of the little hallway at the bottom of the stairs. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the kitchen and wait in the short hallway at the far end of the kitchen. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go between the couch and the island straight down the hallway. Pass through the next room and then turn right. Stop in front of the bathroom door and wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and walk past the kitchen and then through the living room.  Turn right at the eye chart and stand next to the bathroom door. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk right past the dining room table and chairs and into the left entryway on the left. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk past the oven and into the living room. Stop by the by the end table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn right on the second arch. Turn left. Pass the kitchen. Wait near the fireplace. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the dining table, then turn right into the hall way. Turn left, walk down the hall, and stop when you reach the sofa. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk away from pool and towards steps.  Walk up steps and make the first right at the top.  Enter room with massage table.  Wait here. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Leave the pool and walk up three steps next to the bar. Walk up three more steps. Immediately turn right and wait just inside the massage room. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn left and go up the stairs. Then take your next right and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go straight and turn right in front of the towards the 3 wicker decorations. Go straight down the hallway, enter the doorway, and wait. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn to your right and walk down the hallway to the right side of the stairs.  At the vases make a right and then a quick left to head past the stairs. Once you enter the doorway leading to the kitchen and living room, stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP walk forward then turn left then walk straight again entering the living room. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk up stairs into sitting room, stop next to coffee table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go upstairs and stop in the sitting area, near the end table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk up the steps and go left. Walk left past the beam and stop by the chair. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the closet and go straight until you get to the bed. Turn left and exit the room. Turn left and go into the bedroom. Wait at the entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and go straight to exit the closet and keep going into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn left and walk out into the hallway. Turn into the last door on your left and stop when you enter the bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the room. Go forward and enter the room with a dog statue on the floor. Turn left and exit the room. Go forward till the rail of the stair. Enter the room on the left and stop. Wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn around and exit the double doors on the left. Walk out past the stairs and turn left. Enter the room straight ahead at the end. Walk into the room and then turn into the bathroom door on the right and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the room. Walk straight until you get to pass the stairs. Turn left and go into the room at the end of the hallway. Turn right and wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go out of the bedroom towards some stairs.  Pass the stairs and go into a bedroom with some posters of girls on the wall and wait at the doorway to the bathroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and exit the room. Turn left and then turn right. Turn left into the room and wait near the black chair. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the fitness room and go down the hall on the left of the wine rack. Enter the TV room on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the fitness area, and go left. Take the first right at the wine room. Walk straight ahead into the TV room. Stop once you enter the room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom. Walk the opposite way of the picture hanging on the wall through the kitchen. Turn right at the long white countertop. Stop when you get past the two chairs. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and exit the bedroom. Turn left and go in to the kitchen. Turn right and wait next to the counter. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit room and wait between the couch and kitchen island. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go into the arch and walk straight down the hallway until you get to the last door on the left. Go into the laundry room on the left and wait near the washer and dryer. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the open doorway and continue straight, then make a sharp left turn into the washing room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the hallway towards the laundry room. Stop in the doorway of the laundry room. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go right and up two set of steps on the right. Turn right and wait near the bed. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk past the chairs and Jacuzzi tub. Walk right up the stairs through the doorway. Walk up the stairs and turn right. Stop in the doorway. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go left past the chairs and up all the stairs. Stay in doorway of first room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the bed on the left. Walk past the fireplace on the right. Wait at the area rug. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight past the bed and the fireplace. Exit the room using the door on the left of the fireplace. Wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the bedroom toward the fireplace. Go around the fireplace on the left. Stop in the doorway before you reach the rug. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk down the red carpet and turn right at the bed.  Stop under the door frame. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Follow carpet bath into bedroom. Stop at the exiting door. 
Z6MFQCViBuw While facing the two chairs and small table turn left. Walk straight into the next room. Follow the ropes and carpet around the room and to the right. Stop near the bedroom door. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the door closest to you and into the next room.  Walk down the length of the room on the red carpet and stop in the next doorway at the end of this room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward and enter the next room.  Stop at the doors on the far side. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the double doors and follow the rose colored carpet to the next doorway. Stop just before going through and wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the furniture and to the left of the stairs. Stop by the post at the top of the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Face the two white chairs and stand next to the chair on the right.  Walk parallel to the stairs down the room and stop by the wooden post on the right, just past the end of the rug. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go past table and cabinet. Stop just after chairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn to your left and enter the sitting room. Once in, turn right and walk past the dining room table. Stop in the doorway on the other side, looking into the kitchen. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and go straight past the table and chairs. Wait at the kitchen entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go past pug and chair into next room. Go straight past table and stop at doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn right at large painting, follow red carpet straight to doorway on the left. Stop in doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw When you get to the pink bench turn right  and then walk straight until you pass four chairs on the left. Turn left and wait at the entrance of the room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward and turn right when you pass the sign on the wall and to the right of the large painting of a man. Keep walking forward and exit out the last door on the left and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk down the hall in the direction of the stairs to the second floor. Pass the stairs and enter the living room. Take a right in the living room. Stop on the right of the chair at the head of the table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go straight. Pass the stairs on the right and continue straight. When you get to the stairs going up pass those as well. Go into the room with the couches and then turn right. wait near the glass table with white chairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk toward the stairs to the second floor. Go around the stairs into the living room. Take a right and go into the dining room. Stop next to the first chair you pass. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the table and turn right. Walk past the coffee table and couch and stop by the pool table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Take a right, another immediate right, go to the front of the couch towards the billiard table, and stop. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around and enter the sitting room to your right. Walk in front of the fireplace to the other side and stop once you reach the pool table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the living room. Go to the bottom of the staircase. Go to the toilet at the end of the hall. 
X7HyMhZNoso Leave the room and turn left.  Walk a few steps and then turn left again and walk past the stairs.  Walk down the hallway and stop when the doors to the bathroom and laundry room are in front of you.  Do not enter either room, just stop in front of the doors. 
X7HyMhZNoso exit the room then turn hard left, walk forward down the stairs and stop at the front of the bathroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hallway. Turn right and stop by the end table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and exit the bathroom. Once out turn right and then turn left and walk to the end of the small hallway and turn right. Walk into the foyer area and stop when you reach the table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Take the first left and go down a hallway. At the end of the hall take a right into the foyer. Stop before you reach the mirror. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Enter the room to your right, then turn right.  Then walk forward until you reach the library.  Wait near the door. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn to the right and walk forward through the open door onto the oriental rug.Turn to the right and walk through the open door and continue walking straight through the next open door. Walk through the next open door that is just after the staircase. Once through the door, stop on the red oriental rug. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave the room, and take a right. Walk straight across the hall into the room across. Stop once you are in the room on the rug. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the door to your immediate left, go through the opening and turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue forward past the kitchen island on your right and stop at the entrance to the dining room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and walk through the doorway. Turn right and walk across the hall and wait by the small table just before the dining room entrance. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right and go straight past the bar with the stool/chairs. Wait near the ledge with the vase and white flowers. 
TbHJrupSAjP Continue forward until you reach the top of the steps and change your direction to the left. Travel forward until you reach the base of the next staircase on your right. Ascend the stairs until you reach the top step. Halt here. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the top of the stairs and turn left.  Go past the fake tree to the base of the stairs and go up the stairs.  Stop at the top of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk toward the front door and turn right at the steps. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the steps. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight through the kitchen. When you get to the end turn left into the hallway. Walk straight into the room that is to the left of the painting in the hallway. Wait near the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the kitchen and take the first left just past it. Then go and stop in the doorway of the small room with the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the shelves and through the kitchen. Turn left after the kitchen and enter the doorway to the left of the squiggle painting. Stop before the sink, next to the towels. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk through the door on the right side of the bed.  Go straight through the closet and into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go straight until you get to the closet and go into the closet on the left. Go straight into the bathroom and wait there. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk right past the bed and into the closet. Walk through the closet and into the bathroom. Stop by the toilet. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and walk through the small archway, turn hard right, then stop and wait in the hallway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and enter the small doorway to your left beside the vase. Once you enter, turn right and enter the first door on your right beside the stairs. Stop in the entryway. . 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and walk through the doorway to the left of the vase on the floor. Once in the room turn right and enter the door to the right of the stairs. Stop in the doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Head down first flight of stairs and at landing turn right to go down next second flight of stairs. At landing of second flight of stairs veer to the right and turn right into first door way. Stop just inside of doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs. Turn right and continue going down the stairs. Walk straight and slightly right down the hallway.Go into the room on the right. Wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and walk down the stairs. Wait in the entry way of the living area on the right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go to the pottery. Go to the bar. Go to the microwave. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the glass doors and left towards the island. Turn right and walk into the kitchen. Stop in front of the microwave. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn right and go down the long hall. Turn left toward the bar. Turn right into the kitchen and stop by the fridge. 
x8F5xyUWy9e With the stairs leading upwards behind you and to your right, exit the room though the doorway ahead of you, then turn left. Continue forward, descending three steps and exit through the doorway ahead of you. Descend three more steps and then stop. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the stairway area through the single door. Turn left, go down the steps and through the double doors ahead. Continue forward down another set of steps. Wait by the reception desk. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk out of the hallway and turn left. Walk down the steps and through the wooden doors. Walk down the steps and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk straight down the hallway until you get to the kitchen. Pass the bar with the chairs/stools. Walk straight until you get to a ledge on the left wall with a vase and white flowers. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go to the far end of the hall. Wait outside the dining room archway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Continue to walk straight through the kitchen. Stop next to the white flowers on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk to the far end of the kitchen and wait by the dining table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go to the stove. Go to the dining room table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight through the kitchen. Wait near the table and chairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight and exit the room using the arch ahead. Turn left and go straight past the couches. Turn right and then turn left into the second arch. Wait near the kitchen. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the sitting room and down the hall. Wait in the hall near the kitchen. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk by the treadmill into the living room. Turn left at the couch. Walk to the end of the couch and turn right. Walk along the couch until there is a large archway on the left side. Walk through the large archway on the left side. Wait by the vase of flowers on the tile. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Facing the clock turn left, at the intersection turn right, before the bookshelves turn right, at the intersection turn left and turn into the doorway and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and then turn right into the hallway. Walk straight until almost get to a room with a bookcase.Before you go to the room turn right and then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the sitting room and go left. Take a right before you enter the foyer. Take a right before you enter the office area. Enter the bathroom on the left. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk forward down the hall and turn right at the stairs. Walk past the stairs and into the next room. Wait near the entrance way. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk down hallway, turn right at stairs going down and continue into living room. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go straight then turn right. Go straight until you get to a large room. Wait at the entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP Follow the kitchen island around to the left. Enter the dining room through the door left of the oven. Pass the dining table and wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn around and walk across the kitchen. When you reach the stove, turn left and exit the room into the dining room. Walk past the table and stop at the other end. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the kitchen area around the central counter top with bar stools and along the wall with tall cabinet doors. Walk towards the stove and cappuccino machine and walk through the door in the corner. Walk past the dining table and stop on the other end of it. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs and take a left. Enter the office through the french doors. Stop in the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go upstairs and wait in the doorway on the left. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the staircase to the next floor and take a left before the woven basket, to the double doors. Wait at the entrance to the office, by the large table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight until you pass the grey couches then turn left into the hallway. Wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave this sitting room and head towards the kitchen. Enter the pantry through the first door on the left. Stop once you pass the archway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit living area, make a left walk forward slightly and wait. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go do the hall, and go left. Take the right before you enter the entry way, and go straight. Stop once you are on the rug, behind the desk chair. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hall to the left of the clock and turn right. Walk past the picture and stop in front of the chair. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the sitting room and go left. Take a right before you enter the foyer. Go straight into the office. Stop on the rug in front of the bookcase. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk forward and make a right toward the massage room, and wait. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Stand with the picture of the girl on your left and walk straight through the room and out the door on the opposite side.  Once passing through the door, turn right and walk into the room.  Stop on the side of the bed. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go straight and exit the room. Turn right and go into the room next door. Wait near the bed. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and walk towards the large clock. Once you reach the clock, turn left and enter the bedroom. Walk straight across the bedroom and into the small door in front of you. Stop once you enter the closet. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk toward the cock and go left past the mirror. Walk to the left of the bed and into the closet and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Through hallway toward clock on the wall. Turn left at the mirror. Enter bedroom. Walk straight through the bedroom stopping just inside of walk-in closest. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the open door into the dining room area. turn the corner and walk through the kitchen along the counter passing the bar stools and sink. Continue through the open door at the end of the kitchen and follow the hall to a bedroom at the end. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room. Walk straight until get to a large room. Turn right and pass the kitchen.Go straight into the room. Wait near the bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn to exit room. Walk through kitchen. Continue through pantry. Walk across hallway. Walk past closet double doors to bedroom. Stop inside bedroom before bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and turn right. Wait next to the blue couch that is on the right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight then turn right and exit the hallway onto the kitchen/dining/living room. Wait near the couches straight ahead. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk forward slightly, make a  right and walk toward the living room, and wait next to the black couches. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go straight into the hall. Turn right and walk straight until you go into another room. Wait there. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Take the doorway on the right, turn right and walk straight through the double doors into the dining hall. Stop and wait near the clothed table. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Following the red carpet, exit the room to the right. Continue straight passed the chest of drawers on the right and a series of 7 photo displays on the left. Still straight on the red carpet passed 2 sets of chairs and through the doorway stopping just through the threshold. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the entry way to the left of the stove. Once through, turn right and enter the dining room. Walk through the dining room to the left and enter the sitting room. Once you enter the sitting room, turn right. Walk through the double doors and into the room with the pool table. Stop beside the pool table once you walk in. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn left, go forward out of the kitchen, turn right and go forward through the dining and living rooms, take a hard right through the door and wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk straight until you get to a room on the right. Turn into that room. Turn left and then right to go past the table and chairs. Turn left toward the couches then turn right into the room with the pool table. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Head into the kitchen, follow along the stove wall through to hallway. Stop and wait near the telephone. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight then turn right and go into the kitchen. Turn left and walk through the kitchen . When you pass the fridge on the right wait near the phone on the left. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the end table and turn right into the kitchen. Walk to the left of the island past the oven into the next room and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit the room opposite the bedroom, and go straight through the next room, turn left, go straight and step into the doorway and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the room, past the stairs and wait in the doorway to the dining room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward, and make a left, then wait at dinning room door entrance. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk to the right of the table past the oven. Walk right out the door and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit dinning area passing the stove, stop in front of stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the kitchen and turn left. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Enter the bedroom. Turn right and exit the bedroom using the door on the right. Go straight, pass the stairs. Continue straight until you enter a bedroom. Wait near the entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and exit the bedroom. Walk past the stairs into the rightmost doorway. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the closet, and the bedroom. Go forward past the stairs. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop in the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom, turn left and exit the bedroom. Wait in the hall by the stair case. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go through the doorway to the left of the window and enter the bedroom.  Turn left in the bedroom and leave the bedroom.  Stop after passing through the doorway leaving the bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go into the room. Turn left and exit the room using the door on the left. Wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk forward, and go up the stairs. Go up the next set of stairs passing the hieroglyphs. Stop at the top of this set of stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave the wine room and go up the stairs.  At the landing with the door with the blue glass, go up the next set of stairs.  Stop at the top of these stairs without going up another level. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go straight and up the stairs. Turn left and continue up the stairs. Wait in that floor with the long blue carpet. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight into the third arch from the left. Turn right and go down the hallway until you get to stairs on the right. Go up two steps then stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn to face inner wall. Leave room by middle archway.  Take slight right toward hall with round design on brick floor. Walk forward to staircase. Stop on second stair. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Make a right and head down hallway,  make a right and head toward the staircase, and wait and second step. 
TbHJrupSAjP After you go down the steps U turn right. Go down the hallway until you get to two vases on the floor.Turn right and walk straight until you get to another room. Wait at the entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk left past the stairs and down the hall. Turn right and walk across the hall into the entryway and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk down the hall parallel to the stairs and turn right.  Keep walking straight until you enter a  room with a couch and leather footstool in the middle.  Stop just after stepping into this room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the bedroom and turn left. Go through the doorway and walk to the right past the piano. Stop on the circular pattern in the tile in front of the violin and wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and go out of the room. Turn left and go straight then turn right. Go past the piano and straight until you get to the chandelier and the round design in the floor. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and exit the room to the right of the TV. Once out turn left and walk to the end of the hallway and then turn right. Walk down the hallway past the piano and then stop when you enter the next doorway and the floor is in a circle pattern. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk past the railing and turn left past the plant. Walk toward the front door and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the third step. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the room. Turn right and go straight until you get to three vases. Continue straight and go up four steps of the stairs on the right. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the laundry room and turn right.  Walk past the large plant and stand on the stairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk up the stairs and down the hallway. Walk past the chairs and stop in front of the dining room table and chairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Continue up steps and walk through kitchen, wait at dinging room table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go up the steps. Walk straight until you pass the kitchen. Continue straight until you get to a very large table with chairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn right and then turn left . Turn right into the room then wait near the antelope head. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk out of the room and through the door on the right. Walk across the hall and into the room on the left. Turn right and stop in front of the animal head sculpture. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave the room, and take a left. Go into the sitting room through the door on the right. take a right into the room with the statue, and the model house. Stop once you enter the room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk past the couch and left through the room into the hallway. Walk past the microwave out of the room and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through the closest doorway to the couch. Go through the nearest doorway to the microwave. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the right side of the couch and stand in front of a grill/oven.  Turn right and walk through the room with the microwaves, leaving on the opposite side.  Stop after stepping through the doorway out of the microwave room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ walk to the left of the clock and down the hallway to the right. Turn right before the shelf and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go to the left of the wooden counter with the large mirror behind it. Take the corridor on the right. Turn right at the bookcase. Walk to the end of this hall and stop just inside the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room going straight. Turn right go down the hallway until you get to a black bookcase. Turn right and continue going down the hallway until you get to a bedroom. Wait at the entrance. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past the mirrors and enter the bedroom. Make a left turn and then another left turn into the bathroom Stop in front of the shower and wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and go towards the bed. Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk into the bedroom past the large glass mirrors. Turn left and walk past the bed. Turn left through the doorway into the bathroom. Wait at the doorway to the shower. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go around the bed and into the room on the right. Wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk clockwise around the bed and stop in the interior doorway on the other side. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the opposite side of bed.  Wait by white bear rug on the floor. 
X7HyMhZNoso Head inside through the sliding glass doors on the other end of the deck. Stop in the living room and wait near the arm chair. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go straight until you pass the couches and the table then turn right and go inside. Wait near the grey couches. 
X7HyMhZNoso With the sink behind you, walk the length of the patio to the table with the high stools.  Turn right and walk inside through the closest open door.  Stop once stepping inside. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the hall ahead. Walk down the flight of stairs with an iron railing. Continue to the bottom of the stairs and stop near the bench at the bottom next to a closed door. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and go down the steps on the right, wait at the end. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the vases on the right side of the staircase. Go down to the bottom of the nearest staircase. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go past the boxes and into the doorway on the left. Walk through the hall. Pass by both the bathroom and the room with the couch in it. Pass the stairs and go into the room in the corner on the right. Stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk past the fireplace and turn left. Walk into the hall and past the stairs through the second doorway on the right. Stop in front of the desk. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and exit out the door on the left. Walk all the way down until you reach the green steps. At the steps, turn right and enter the door to the left. Stop once you reach the table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down the corridor and upstairs. Stop halfway up the stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight and then turn right. Go straight until you get to the stairs. Go up the stairs about half way then stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the hall and turn right. Walk through the entryway on the left and across the atrium. Walk up to the tenth step and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up stairs. Walk onto the carpet runner on the floor. Make a right through the open door on the right. Walk between the two columns on the right. Wait at the animal head on the floor to the left. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up the stairs. continue straight when you get to the floor. Turn right and wait near the antelope head. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up the stairs to the next level and go down the hallway.  Turn into the room on the right and walk to the center of it.  Walk through the two columns on the right and stop in front of the horned animal head on the floor. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go upstairs. Wait four steps to the top. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk up the steps that curve left. Stop on the fourth step from the top. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go up the stairs, stop at the fifth step to the top. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go straight and then turn right into the hallway. Go all the way down the hall until you get to a room on the right. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go forward in the direction of the bar stools, and take the first right. Go down the hall and take a right into the pantry. Stop once you enter. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go down the hallway to the right of the four pictures side of the hallway, turn right into the first archway and go straight, at the end of the hallway turn right and take a step into the room and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the table and chairs. Turn slightly left and continue straight into the kitchen. Wait there. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the dining room and sitting area on the left. Enter the kitchen and wait by the light switch on the left. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn to walk past curio cabinet. Walk towards kitchen. Stop at light switches on stone wall before the kitchen island with sink. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit room toward staircase, and descend the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk out the door left of the bed.  Walk to staircase and walk down one set of steps.  Wait by door. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go through the right doorway, and wait near the top of the stairs going down. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go through the double doors and walk straight. Bear to the right and exit through the open sliding glass doors. Turn to the right and stand and wait by the corner of the pool table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight past the table and chairs. After you get to the couches turn right and go out to the porch with the pool table. Wait near the pool table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go into the house and through the dining room. Enter the living room and go through the door on the right. Enter the recreation room and stop on the right side of the pool table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Make a right and exit living area, walk past living area, and kitchen, make a right toward outside patio and wait. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk right past the clock and couch. Turn right and stop to the left of the end table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and go down the hallway. Pass the couches and then turn right. Wait near the coffee table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ With the window behind you, walk straight past the table and kitchen area and through the doorway.  Keep going until you get to a separate sitting room on the left with blue walls and white couches.  Walk into the room and stop once you step on the carpet. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the table and chairs. Walk past the bar with the stools. After you pass that turn left and wait near the two white couches and the coffee table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk on the left side of the table straight towards the couch and kitchen counter.  Walk between the couch and counter and continue until straight.  At the large clock on the wall turn left into the sitting area. And stop near the sofa on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn right and walk forward and then enter the door on the right beside the desk and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the doorway on the right and stop in front of the bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go straight through the door nearest the map picture. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Turn around and walk along the wooden hallway.Wait the the wooden doorway. 
pLe4wQe7qrG With the low stone or concrete barrier behind you, walk parallel to the board covering the floor and turn left before reaching the end. Move forward to leave the wooden flooring and when on the stone flooring, turn right and stand in front of the doors leading out of the room. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk straight and then turn left. Turn right and wait near the door. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bedroom. Turn left continue down the hallway until you get to the stairs. Wait there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk into the hallway and turn left. Walk to the left of the railing and across the hall past the plant. Stop to the left of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the room and turn left.  Stop just before you reach the stairs that go up. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk into the kitchen, around the dining table to the buffet. Stop and wait there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go straight past the table and chairs then turn left and continue to go past the table and chairs. Wait near the white antique furniture with the two chairs on on each side. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk counter clockwise around the big table in the kitchen.  Stop at the corner of the table on the far right from where you started. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and walk out the double doors. Go across the next room and out the door. Stop once you enter the next room with tile floor. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk all the way forward and enter another door. Keep walking forward on the red carpet, and stop where the tiles are on the ground, and the end of the carpet. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Stand with the bed behind you and walk straight down the red carpet.  Go into the room with the tile floor and stop after a few steps closer to the middle of the room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the open double doors. Walk past the dining table with a glass chandelier above. Walk over to the open double doors on the wall ahead next to the wooden dresser. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn right and follow the red rug to exit out the door to the left of the painting of a man. Follow the red carpet all the way to the other side of the table. Turn and exit out the door to the left of the red chairs along the wall. 
Z6MFQCViBuw walk forward and turn left, walk past the table, then wait near the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go down hallway until you get to the kitchen then turn left. Wait there. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Stop in front of the second set of double doors on the left. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the bathroom and take a right. Enter the kitchen and go left. Go forward and leave the kitchen area. Stop outside of the dining room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk through the bathroom and into the bedroom.  Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right.  Walk straight down the hallway until you go through the door.  Stop just outside in front of the black and white swirly framed artwork. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bathroom. Turn right and then turn right to exit the room. Wait in the hallway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk to the right of the mirrored closet and stop in the hallway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go up the stairs and turn right. Walk down the hallway.  At the end of the hallway near the phone turn right Go straight into the kitchen area and stop in the doorway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go up the stairs. Turn right. Continue straight into the hall. Turn right at the end of the hall. Stop next to the basket with balls in it. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go up the steps. Turn right and go straight until you get to the phone and vase with flower. Then turn right. Wait in that room. 
8194nk5LbLH Go up the stairs and turn left at the top  Walk through the glass door and stop when you step inside the exercise room on the other side. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk up the steps and turn left. Stop just inside the fitness room. 
8194nk5LbLH Go up the stairs. Turn left and go into the glass doors. Wait at the entrance. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk through the open door to the right of the boxes on the floor. Walk past the bathroom on the left. Walk down the stairs to the left. Wait on the area rug on the stair landing. 
oLBMNvg9in8 With the wall where the fireplace is behind you, exit the room going forward. After passing the bathroom on your left, you'll reach a staircase on your left that goes upwards and downwards. Take one flight of stairs going down, then stop on the landing. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and exit the room. Walk through the next doorway and then turn left. Walk down the stairs and stop on the platform with the white door. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the room. Turn left and then turn left again. Go into the room and past the bed. Turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the laundry room and turn left. Walk towards the curio cabinet and turn left again. Enter the bedroom and walk past the dresser. Exit through the door to the left and wait near the sink. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the room, turn left, and go into the left room at the end of the hall.  Proceed through this room and wait by the sink in the adjacent bathroom. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Move forward staying between the footstool on your right and the basket on the floor on your left. Proceed ahead past the desk on the left. Continue on the forward path until you pass by the one wooden pole on your left. When you are even with the staircase on the left, remain in this spot. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk to the left of the pool table and stop across from the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go straight toward the stairs. When you get to the stairs on the left. Stop there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the bedroom and walk across the room and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room. Go straight into the hallway. Walk straight until you get to the room and wait at the entrance. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Leave the bedroom, and go straight ahead. Enter the bedroom straight ahead. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and exit the room out the door. Once out turn left and enter the door straight ahead and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room. Turn left and go straight into the room. Wait near the entrance. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go through the doorway opposite outside. Go through the doorway next to the art on the wall and stop in front of the closet. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go out the door nearest to the microwave and turn right. Go into the living room. Go through the kitchen until you see the dining room. Go into the dining room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the room. Turn right and then Turn left. Pass the kitchen and turn right. Wait near the large table with the chairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn around and exit into the hallway. Turn right and enter the next room. Turn left and walk to the other side of the kitchen. Once you walk pass the kitchen, turn in the first door to the right and stop once you reach the long table with chairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit sitting room and turn left.  Walk towards the staircase and turn left. Go down the stairs and stop on the second step. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the room into the hallway, then turn left. Continue forward and turn left at the base of the stairs. Pass by the stairs leading up on your right and stop at the top of the short flight of stairs leading down ahead of you. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and walk towards the steps. At the large black steps, turn left and walk down the few small wood steps and stop at the bottom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs and turn right. Keep going down the stairs and stop in the doorway of the living room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk all the way to the bottom on both flight of stairs, Walk straigh the the hallway to your left, and stop right before the rug.,. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the stairs and to the right. Walk down the stairs and stop in front of the table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Take around, go towards the bed with the trunk, take a left and head down the stairway and stop right before the end of the stairway. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv I would like you to move forward, heading toward the lounge chair. Pivot and continue the forward momentum, bearing slightly to the left. Turn towards your left and begin walking down the stairs. When you reach the third step from the landing, stick around here and wait. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around and go down the stairs next to the foot of the bed. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Facing the toilet, walk through the door on the left. Make a right and walk through the doorway across the room. Make a left and walk down the hallway. Turn right at the next opening and stop before the kitchen island on the right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the bathroom through the doorway by the toilet, then turn right, Walk past the counter into the hallway, turn left. At the end of the hallway turn right, then wait by the kitchen counter. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Leave the bathroom through the door by the toilet and turn right. Turn right into the hallway, walk through the arched opening, and turn right. Stop near the the first black chair at the bar. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and head up the stairs to the first landing and continue to the second landing. Wait near the statue. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Continue up the flight of stairs to the landing, then climb one more flight of stairs. At the top of the second flight, continue forward and enter the room directly ahead. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the steps and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the steps and into the room straight across. Stop just inside the room. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Make a left out the room with the toilet and walk past the bathtub.  The bathtub will be on your right as you pass.  Go thought the first door on your right to enter the closet.  Stop as soon as you enter the closet. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the bathtub, through the doorway, and turn at your first doorway on your right. Walk into the closet and stop immediatly. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Exit the toilet room and then exit the tub room and go through the hallway but turn right into the first archway on the right, take a step into the closet and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go straight into the living room. Turn left and go through the door. Then turn left again and go down the stairs. stop before going outside. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go past the pillars and turn left. Exit the room and  turn left to go downstairs. Stop halfway down the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go through the room and take a left through the doors, toward the stairwell. Go down the stairs a bit and stop in front of the door leading outside. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn around and go passed the couch, then turn left and take an immediate right passed the painting. Turn left and go straight through the first door on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left and exit the room.  Cross the hall to the sitting room.  Turn left and enter the bedroom on your left.  Wait near the bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the sitting room and turn left. Take the first turn to the right.Go straight and then turn left at the shelf. Walk into the first door on the right. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go up the stairs. Wait beside the support pillar for the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk up the steps and turn left.  Wait by the wooden pillar next to the stairs. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go up stairs. Turn left and wait by wooden beam. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk past the large dining table with the chandelier overhead.  The table should be on your right as you walk past it.  Follow the red carpet to exit that room by the first doorway you come to after passing the table.  There are some red chairs just to the right of the doorway you will go through.  Walk down the hall and stop in the first doorway on your right. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk across the room past the table and chairs and into the hallway. Walk into the first door on the right and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and go passed the dining room table. Enter the doors next to the red chairs. Go down the hallway and enter the doors on the right. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go down the hallway opposite the roped off circle in the floor through the brown double doors, take a few steps into the dining room and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the doorway to your left, and stop as you pass through the door. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Start so that the top of the staircase is to your right and there is a hallway with a large door at the end.  Walk straight into the room and onto the red carpet.  Walk a few steps on the red carpet towards the dining table before stopping. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go left down the hallway and turn left. Go down the hall and stop once you reach the wood floor. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk straight then turn left. Walk straight into the room with the double doors. Wait near the desk. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk in the direction of the table at the end of the hall, and take a left. Walk into the office. Stop once you pass the doors. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go to your right passed the couch and the coffee table. Go to the pool table and then stop next to the window. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go straight passed the coffee table to your right, before the pool table make a left and stop between the post and the glass door. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk straight. Pass the fireplace on your right. When you get to the pool table turn left and wait. 
X7HyMhZNoso With the foot of the bed behind you, exit the bedroom through the door on the left and walk to the top of the stairs.  Go through the open door at the top of the stairs and enter the bedroom.  Stop after entering this bedroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go into the hall and stop in the bedroom across from the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk through door way into the next room.Turn left and walk forward past the railing. Turn right and walk to the front of the stairs.Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop in the bedroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the steps and straight until you get to a room on the right. Turn right and wait near the coffee table. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go up the stairs and keep walking straight until you reach a wooden door.  Turn right into the room with the TV and stop a few feet in front of the table in the middle of the room. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up the short staircase and proceed down the hallway to the brown wooden door with small slit windows.  When you are almost to the door, turn right and walk into the room with the television.   Find the corner of the coffee table nearest to the couch on the right side of the room and stop about 1 foot from the edge of the table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk towards the stairs. Stop in the middle of the tile mosaic in this room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Stand with the doors to your left and walk straight towards the white urn with plants.  Go through the doorway on the left and stop in the middle of the circle mosaic on the floor of the room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn hard left toward the dining room, then left down the hallway. Proceed left through the archway and into the foyer. Wait on the mosaic tile in the center of the room. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs. When you get to the next floor turn right and continue going down the stairs. Go down two steps then stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs to the next floor. Go down one step on the next set of stairs and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs, at the two rugs make a sharp right and take a step down the stair and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Exit the room. Turn left then turn left again. Stand at the entrance. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through ght hallway, to the right of the clock. Walk through the doorway, to the right of the stairs. Walk down the couple of steps, and stop at the bottom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Turn right and go down the hall, turn left at the circle and continue into the next room. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk around the pews on the right, then go straight. Take a left at the wall. Stop behind the first podium. 
pLe4wQe7qrG walk forward then turn left, walk again then left at the corner then walk again and turn left. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Go left around the wooden barrier and stop once you reach the wooden barrier on the opposite corner. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit the room using the second door on you right. Head straight until you see a door on the right. Wait near that door. 
Z6MFQCViBuw With the long table to your left and staying on the carpeted pathway, move forward, then take a ninety degree turn to the left. At the T-intersection, take a ninety degree turn to the right and continue forward. Go through the double door opening, leaving the carpeted pathway and stop at the doubled doors to your right which also starts another carpeted pathway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Exit the dining room. Wait in the doorway on the right. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn so you are facing the same direction as the open doors, leading to the room with urns on the left hand side.  Follow the red carpet and walk through the next doorway.  Stop on the carpet in that doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk across the room toward the bedroom. Stop just inside the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Position yourself so that the red carpet leads to a bed with curtains.  Walk straight towards this bed and stop in the doorway of the room and then stop. 
8194nk5LbLH Go straight until you pass all the couches and chairs. Stop by the large picture of the bridge. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk to the right of the blue and black chairs and turn left. Walk past the coffee table and stop by the green and black chair. 
8194nk5LbLH Walk to the far end of the lobby and wait under the exit sign. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Climb the three steps next to you and continue forward, climbing three more steps. Stay straight and pass through the door opening directly ahead of you, then stop next to the massage table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk up the stairs ahead. Enter the massage room and wait next to the massage table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk forward up the two set of three stairs.  Enter the room at the end of the hallway.Walk to the massage table, and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up to the top of the staircase and stand at the top. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs and stop at the top in front of a mirror. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the bedroom and take a right . Veer left and enter the living room ahead. Take a right in the living room, and enter the dining room.  Stop on the left of the first dining chair. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall. Walk past the vases and past the stairs. Stop in front of the table and chairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn towards the door that is open. Walk straight. Turn right. Walk straight. Turn right at stairs. Walk into living room. Turn right. Face dining table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the spa room and go past the pool. Make a left at the bar and go up three steps. Wait in the doorway. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk out of the sauna and turn left. Turn left and walk up the stairs and stop. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go out the door on the left, and turn left to go toward the bar. Go up the first set of stairs to your left. 
2azQ1b91cZZ After you leave the grill area and are in the sitting room make a left and go through the doorway. Now walk past the couch and wait by the chair at the bar. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Head a bit ahead and towards the double doors on the left towards the kitchen. Stop upon reaching the counter. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go stand behind the nearest of the three chairs with white cushions at the kitchen bar. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down both sets of stairs, through the doorway and wait by the rug. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs, and make a right and then another right to go down some more stairs and go straight into the doorway to the left but not the leftmost doorway. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and go down the stairs. Turn right at the bottom of the stairs and then go into the room with the rug and the table. Stop here. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ With the door leading outside behind you, walk forward and turn left to go down the corridor with the eye chart towards your right. Continue past the half bath on your left and the kitchen on your right, then turn left. Enter the bedroom ahead of your though the leftmost door on the opposite wall. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight down the hallway opposite the brown door until you get to an intersection, make a left and go straight, then make a left before the bookcase and go straight into the bedroom on the left, take a step into the bedroom and then stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left down the hallway, and turn left into the sitting room. Go into the first door on the left and stop once you reach the bed. 
QUCTc6BB5sX go straight to the door then turn right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk past the shelves and out of the garage. Stop in front of the opening to the wine cellar. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the storage lockers to your right, exit the garage via the door that's ahead of you and against the right hand wall. After exiting the garage, turn right ninety degrees and move forward until arched doorway is to your immediate right. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the double doors next to the red cushioned bench. Stop just after the red path turns right, near the first of two information signs next to each other. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go around the roped area and through the door on the left. Walk straight and stop left of the table and chairs. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn right and follow the red station barrier (rope) towards the painting of the man in red pants.  Turn right and go through the open brown wooden doors into the next museum room.  In this room walk straight forward and stop on the red carpet beside the red chair at the end of the table with the large chandelier above it. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Pass the mirror on your right. Pass between chairs. Keep the bed on your right and go into the hallway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk into the bedroom, pass the bed, and stop in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk down steps, walk towards the bed.  Walk on the left side of the bed and walk through archway, and stop in the under the archway. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk onto the platform on the right, pass two book stands. Wait between the second and the third. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Turn right to face an old pew and chairs. Walk up to the old chairs and turn right. Walk down the row until you reach the 5th chair. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Turn to the right walk into the choir loft. Walk  down to the last music stand and wait. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up the stairs. Turn right, then an extreme right. Enter the room. Wait here. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the bathroom and go up the stairs, at the white door make a right, make a another right into the viewing room, take a step in and stop. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up the three steps, and turn right at the corner. Turn right again to enter the living room, and stop in front of the coffee table. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the staircase and at the bottom stop. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Go down the stairs and stop. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk forward towards the stairs. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk outside the room, and walk directly into the room on your left. Stop once your standing between the closet and the plant. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room. Turn left into the room next door and wait there. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room, then immediately turn left through the doorway. Wait by the double doors. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out the door and take your first left, then take another left till you are walking through the doorway all the way to the left. Walk straight, right before you reach the bed. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Step through the bathroom doors, make a left turn and take a step, then a sharp left turn and continue walking until you've made it through the bedroom door. Stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ After you leave the bathroom make a left and then make another left to get to the bedroom. Now walk into the bedroom on the left side and wait just past the door. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the craft room and make a left. Go past the stairs that go downstairs and head towards the front door. Enter the formal living room and then pass into the dining room. Stop just before reaching the table and wait. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the stairs that go up. Go into the dining room and stop next to the glass dining table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the room. Turn left. Go straight until you pass the stairs. Pass the two first chairs one on each side and then turn right. Wait near the glass table with the white chairs. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn right and walk down the hall until you enter the kitchen.  Then turn right and walk into the living room.  Stand near the end table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the office into the hallway, proceed past the stairs and through the entry to the great room. Then turn right and wait by the end table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk down the hallway towards the table and chairs next to the large window.  You will pass a staircase going down on your right hand side.  Once you pass the staircase and enter the larger room, turn right.  Walk forward until you are standing beside the frist black end table next to the couch. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn right and wait in the entryway of the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go forward down the hallway. Take a right in the office. Go into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop in the doorway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk down the hall toward the black shelf. Turn right and stop in the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go to the other side of the dining table. Go to the sink in the kitchen. Go to the table beside the couch and stand there. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past windows and turn right, then turn left in kitchen, turn right at the counter, walk to the living room and wait at the entrance. 
TbHJrupSAjP go past the window on your left and exit the dining room. Enter the kitchen and turn right passing to the left of the island. Go straight and stop between the wall unit and end table. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go into the doorway to the right of the big painting, go straight down the hallway into the double doorway and stop. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Face the wall with the large painting and four chairs.  Walk to the right of the chairs though the open door. Walk straight through the room and stop in the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Take a left at the first doorway.Walk down the hall and stop at the next doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk down the hall. Pass the stairs and enter the doorway on the right. Wait beside the potted plant. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the room and to straight.  Enter the kitchen through the door on the right. Take a right into the living room. Stop next to the first end table. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk toward the railing and right past the stairs. Walk into the living room and turn right. Stop by the end table. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the room past the ropes and stop in the doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw You should walk down the red carpet and stop at the doorway of the next room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around, go to the end of the ropes, and stop just over the white line. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go out of the bedroom and past the stairs.  Turn left after the stairs and stop in the bedroom doorway . 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit the bedroom through the white double doors, go passed the stairs on the left, and turn left after the railing, into the single white doorway on the left and then stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn around and go to the staircase. Go around the stairs to the left and stop in the bedroom. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk up the three stairs to exit the room.  Walk straight ahead up three more steps, and take the second door on the right.  Stop after your pass through that door. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Climb to the top of the three stairs next to you and continue forward and climb the next set of three stairs as well. Continue forward and enter the second room on your right. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go straight and up both sets of stairs. Go into the last room on the right and stop by the plant. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up the stairs to the right, turn left and go into the room on the left. Turn left and stop near the mannequins. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the small set of stairs.  Once you reach the top, turn 45 degrees to your left. Walk through the door at the bottom of the large staircase. After you are inside, turn left and wait near the statue. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs Through the doorway on the left. Make a left in the room and stop before the two manikins. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go to the left and enter the doorway, turn to the right and stop in front of the table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit the room and turn right. Wait near the massage table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk around the bed and exit the room.  Turn right and walk into the room with another bed in it.  Stop at the side of the bed. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around, start going up steps, stop before last flight of steps. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Continue up the stairs and wait atop the red door mat in front of the door with the black handle on the right. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the stairs and turn left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk down the stairs and turn right at the bottom of the stairs. Go down the 3 steps and stop just outside the laundry room and bathroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk down the stairs, take the first right, and stop in front of the bathroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go down the stairs. Turn right and continue down another set of steps and go straight. Stop in front of the doors to the bathroom and laundry rooms. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the room then head toward the black furniture straight ahead. When you get to it turn right and head all the way down passing the kitchen. Stop after you pass the kitchen. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward across the room and walk through the panty followed by the kitchen.  Stand at the end of the kitchen. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom and veer right about thirty degrees to the right to enter the kitchen area. Continue straight, passing a sink of your right, a stove and over on your left, a double sink on your right, and stop after you've just passed the kitchen area and a hallway to your left opens up. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight into the kitchen, turn left and go passed the bar. Go to the end of the hallway and stop in front of the sink and shelves. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk toward the kitchen counter and turn left. Walk into the kitchen past the stove and refrigerator and stop in front of the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk passed the right of the bar, and turn left to walk through the kitchen. Stop once you reach the shelves on your right. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the sofa and turn left down the hall. Make the first right Towards the next room and stop in front of the door to the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go through the living room and turn left in between the couches and the kitchen counter. Go down the hall then take a right before reaching the front door and stop between the two doors to the side. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk towards the kitchen, and take a left down the path between the kitchen and the gray couch. Take a right on your first door on the right, and stop between the two doorways. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go straight down the stairs and take the first right doorway. Continue down the stairs and stop once you reach the bottom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk to the stairs. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Keeping the closed door to your rear, traverse the long carpet until you walk passed the stairway leading up. You will then catch a glimpse of some stairs leading down and towards the outside. Go on and head down all of these stairs. Once at the bottom of the stairs, hang a right. Twist to the right and traverse the next set of stairs.Traveling quickly forward until your reach your destination of the display case. Stop moving until you are told next where to go. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go past the kitchen island and turn left.  Go through the kitchen and stop when the antique scale is on the left. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk forward, then turn left immediately after the kitchen counter.  Continue straight through the kitchen until you reach the second sink.  Wait here. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk into the kitchen and past the stove and refrigerator.. Stop in front of the sink. 
8194nk5LbLH Go up the stairs. Turn left and stop inside the exercise room. 
8194nk5LbLH Go up the stairs and turn left through the glass doors until you reach the first exercise machine. 
8194nk5LbLH Continue up the stairs and wait inside the gym. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go down the path on the left towards the large dining room. Enter and go down the red carpet on the right side of the room, stopping at the door leading into another room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk through the room without the red carpet and through the next door into the room where there is a red carpet path again. Turn right on the patha nd continue on the path and stop in the next doorway, next to a rectangular table covered in red cloth. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go straight through the large entryway and turn right, go passed the large table and stop in the entryway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the hallway to the right of the four glass doors. Walk straight, and bare left and walk past the kitchen. Walk straight past the kitchen towards the dining room, and stop right when you hit the carpet. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the thermostat towards your right and the doors leading outside in front of you, enter the corridor and turn right, Continue forward and turn left when you reach the first intersection. Pass by the kitchen to your right and continue down the corridor until you reach the dining room. Stop once you reach the carpet on the wooden floor. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and go to your right. Turn right and go passed the painting. Then go left to go into the bar area. Pass the bar and go towards the dining table. Stop in the dining room near the table. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up all the stairs to the top, and stop at the second stair from the top. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs and keep going up when you get to the landing.  Stop on the second step from the very top. 
oLBMNvg9in8 After you walk up the stairs make a right and walk up the second flight of stairs. Then make a left and walk to the sixth step and wait. 
QUCTc6BB5sX From the end of the hallway at the starting point, go down the path to the left into the kitchen. Keep going straight out of the kitchen and continue to the left a bit and stop at the dining table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and walk through the kitchen. Continue through the hallway to the dining room. Stop between the dining table and the pink sofa. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around facing room with chandelier. Go through hallway between island and stove, walk to the left, towards first dining room, then through there towards second dining room. Take a few steps then stop at the rug. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk past the stairs and down the hall. Walk Through the entryway and stop just past the glass wine cellar. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn around and go down the hall on the left of the stairs. Go towards the pots and stop next to the large double doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn to go past the stairs and straight down the hallway towards the bathroom. Stop when reaching the double doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go ahead a bit and turn left, going down the hallway. Turn left and stop after getting inside the study. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go straight and then turn left. Go passed the railing of the stairs towards the jugs. Then turn left and stop in the double french doors. 
TbHJrupSAjP Step out into the hallway and turn left.  Walk down the hallway.  Make a left and walk through the doorway with the double glass doors that is to the left of the top of the staircase.  Stop in front of the small table with the red leather chairs in that room. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Step forward, make a hard right, walk pass the bed and turn right. Wait in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go around the bed and to the right. Go through the arch opening and wait near the thermostat. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk around the bed to the right and into the hallway. Wait at the end of the hallway. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left into the wine cellar. Walk to the end of the room. Wait in front of the table with the barrels underneath it. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and go straight until you get to a large table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Head in the direction of the wine cellar on the left, and enter it. Stop behind the table at the far end. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Turn left after the couch. Walk into the sitting area on the left and wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk toward the kitchen and turn left at the counter. Proceed down the hallway, turn left into the living room and wait by the sofa. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk straight and then turn left and go between the couch and kitchen counter. Enter the next room and stop at the corner of the first white couch and wait. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left and take a right at the table. Take a left at the painting and then take your first right. Wait next to the exercise equipment. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk towards the painting and turn left. Walk forward towards the lamp and make a right. At the painting turn left walk forward. Turn right, enter the exercise room and wait here. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go down the hall on the left and into the living room. Go through the door on the right until you reach the treadmill. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go through the doorway and to the left   follow straight before the bar and go to the lefft, until you go up the stairway, and take the first right stop at the the massage room. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit room and turn left. Walk towards counter top and turn left at stairs. Go up 2 sets of stairs and turn right at doorway. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Leave the bathing area and take a left. Take a left at the counter. Go up the stairs and take the first right. Stop in the doorway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Face sink and turn right.  Exit the room through the door. Turn right  and walk between chairs and couch. Stop near round table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk away from the grill, and into the house the other direction. Take a right in the hall, and go past the kitchen. Enter the dining room with the round table, and stop in front of the console table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight and out the room. Turn right and go straight. Pass the bar with the stools/chairs and the couches. Continue straight until you get to a round table and chairs. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the closet and go to the right. Enter the door and go to the left and go to the end and stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the closet, then turn right and leave the bedroom. Make a hard left and enter the kitchen. Turn Left and wait by the credenza. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the closet. Turn right. Turn left and then turn left again. Walk toward the large table and chairs then wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn right to walk around the table. Walk toward the stove. Turn right to exit the room. Walk through the doorway. Walk towards the stairs. Stop on the second step. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk past the table and turn left. Walk past the stove and turn right. Walk out of the kitchen and turn left. Walk up the to the second step and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go around the table turn right and exit the kitchen. Turn left and go up two steps of the stairs. 
X7HyMhZNoso Go to the right and go straight. Follow the hall and go in the first door on the left. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn right to head down the hallway. Go to the end of the hallway and turn into the last bedroom on the left. Stop once in the door. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn right down the hallway and enter the last room on the left.  Stop after entering the bedroom. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk in the direction of the refrigerator, and take a left. Exit through the door next to the refrigerator. Enter the hallway and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn to walk between the kitchen sink counters, then turn left. Pass the refrigerator and turn right. Wait in the hallway by the counter. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk through the kitchen and go into the hallway with a marble floor to the left of the refrigerator.  Step in front of the counter with the phone and some flowers in a white vase and stop there. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Take a left around the lamp, go straight along the dresser drawers and go straight and stop in front of the glass doors. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk past the embroidered ottoman the right. Walk past the bottom of the stairs on the left. Wait at the wooden stick leaning on the frame of the french doors. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn left at the lamp. Wait next to the beige chairs and the double glass doors. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk through the door on the right and into the hallway. Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop on the second step from the top. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn to the right and go down the stairs. Wait near the bottom stair. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Exit the room through the doorway on the right. Walk midway down the stairs and wait by the artwork. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left until you face four chairs around an ottoman and a vase of flowers in front of a mirror on the right. Walk forward past the ottoman and towards the patio doors. Turn right at the patio doors and walk down the hallway through an archway until you come to a basket of sports balls on the floor with paintings on the wall. 
QUCTc6BB5sX With the painted scene on the wall behind you, exit the conversational area through the wide arched opening and turn right. Continue past the two arched openings to your right and go through the narrow arched opening directly ahead of you. Stop in front of the wooden door directly to your right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn left. Turn right when you get to the glass panels. Wait next to the table with the book, purse, and hat on it. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom and stop on the gray rug near the rustic shelf with numbers on it. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Make a 360 degree turn and walk past the paintings and the bed to the door at the back right of the bedroom. Once out of the bedroom, continue straight past the painting until you reach an open room. Make a 2:00 turn and you've reached your destination. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom. Go to the large rug and stand on it. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Cross the room and go through the brown double doors, cross the room and step into the nearest archway on the right, step near the glass table and stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight pas the couches and the fireplace on the right. Go through the double doors. Turn right and pass the couches. Go into the room on the right. Wait near the round table and chairs with the white flower in the table. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Leave the sitting room and head into the hallway. Take a right into the room with the dining table. Stop in front of the console table on the right. 
X7HyMhZNoso Take a left into the bedroom and take a right into the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk into the hallway and at the top of the stairs turn left and walk into the bedroom.  Walk past the right side of the bed and turn right into the closet and all the way through to the bathroom.  Stop in front of the toilet in the bathroom. 
X7HyMhZNoso Exit the bedroom and turn left into the doorway. Walk through the doorway on the right into the closet and proceed to the bathroom. Wait near the towel bar. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs and turn left at the plant. Walk forward wait at the bedroom with rug that has squares on it. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk up the stairs. Turn left and wait in the entry way of the bedroom. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go up the stairs and at the top turn to the left and walk. Stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight. Pass the bar with the stools. Walk straight until you get to a table with chairs then stop. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ With the large mirror to your left, move forward, passing the kitchen to your left, stopping even with the corner of the dining table that has eight chairs around it. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go to the clock on the wall. Go between the blue couch and counter. Go to the table with a plant on it. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk to the foot of the bed and turn right. Walk to the other end of the foot and turn right. Walk forward. Wait on the run in front of the bathroom. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk clockwise around the bed and exit the room through the door to the hallway on the left side of the bed.  Stop after stepping on the rug in the hallway. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk around the bed and enter the hallway. Wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the bedroom and enter another bedroom straight ahead, next to the table. Wait there. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk past the foot of the bed and out the door on the other side of the room.  After passing through a small hallway, you will see two doors to bedrooms next to each other.  Enter the bedroom on the right and stop after entering the room. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit bedroom.  Walk forward and enter the door on the right.  Wait inside bedroom. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk to the right of the wood and glass doors and stop just inside the doorway. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the closet. Turn right. Go straight and then when you get to the double doors turn right. Wait near the sink. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Exit the closet. Turn right at the mirror. Go through the doorway. Go through the doorway on the right side and stand in front of the sink. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk in front of the seats across the room and stop before the 6th seat from the left. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Walk past the archway and around the pew; then stand between the third and forth podium , in front of the fifth seat. 
pLe4wQe7qrG Go straight along on the pillars keeping to the right of them until you're passed the long wooden block, then turn right to go behind the block and then go straight and stop between the last and second to last book stand. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk down the stairs and pass the fire extinguisher. Go down the stairs into the room and climb the pool steps. Stop beside the pool. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Turn left outside of the room and walk out toward the hall and out through the doorway. Walk up  the two stairs toward the bath with the chairs on the left. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Facing the "ART" sign on the floor, go left, go through the brown double doors, step up on to the platform between the pool and the three lounge chairs and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go towards the oven, go straight through the archway and then straight into the second archway, take a step in and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go left through the kitchen, straight into the room in front of you that has a table with a scale on top of it and stop. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Go ahead, through the kitchen area and stop after entering the last doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go straight and enter the first door on the right. Continue down the red carpet and enter the second set of doors, stopping inside the bedroom. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the doorway on your right, and go straight to stop just past the doorway with paintings on either side. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Go through the door on the right and continue straight. Stop in the next room in front of the bed. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go down the hallway towards the stairwell. Stop at their base in front of the front door. 
TbHJrupSAjP Walk towards the staircase going up. Stop at the bottom of the staircase. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go straight through the doorway on the right. Walk toward the bottom of the staircase and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk past the table and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the stairs and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Head straight and exit from the door on the left. Turn right towards the steps and go down. Stop at the door leading outside. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go in the doorway on the left. Turn right into the hallway and stop by the front door. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn and go down the hallway, past the stairs. Enter the living room on the right. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around and walk up the stairs to the landing. Walk into the room on the left that has the two sofas. 
X7HyMhZNoso Turn around and go towards the door. Then turn right and go into the entryway and stop by the table. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Exit through the doorway with the stairs. Enter the second door on the right and wait beside the potted plant. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Walk up the stairs, then turn right at the second doorway. Wait by the plant. 
x8F5xyUWy9e Go up the steps next to the minibar and continue down the hallway, until stopping after entering the last door on the right. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk straight through the doorway, take a sharp right through the next doorway and then walk straight until you've reached the bedroom, then stop. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go straight into the atrium, turn right and go passed the stairs into the next hallway. Go straight into the bedroom and stop at the corner of the rug. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Walk through the vaulted hallway right next to you, and turn right, continuing through the opening that's just to the left of the stairs leading upwards. Continue forward, this time going through the door opening to the left of the mirror, stopping next to the bed on your right. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Enter the kitchen and walk past the refrigerator, then turn right. Proceed through the entryway and wait by the freezers. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Walk into the kitchen and past the refrigerator. Turn right and cross the hallway. Stop in front of the table. 
QUCTc6BB5sX Turn around and go passed the refridgerator. Turn right and go through the door. Stop near the large table. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Walk towards the black couch, and walk between the couch and the counter.  Go straight down the hallway and passed the sitting area on the left.  Continue straight. Stop by the small table and large mirror hanging on the wall. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ Go straight along the dining table and then down the path in between the kitchen counters and sofas. Continue straight ahead, stopping next to the mirror before the front door. 
zsNo4HB9uLZ You should leave the dinning area and go to the right so you can be in the hall between the sitting area and kitchen. Now follow the hall to the end and wait in the doorway to the foyer. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Continue down the wooden staircase, following it to the right.  Once on the bottom floor.  Walk directly across the room towards the plaid couch.  Then turn right and proceed through the white door into the bathroom.  Step into the bathroom and stop just inside of the doorway. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Walk downstairs and go to the door on the right at the end of the room, and wait just inside the doorway. 
EU6Fwq7SyZv Turn around and head down the stairs.  Then walk to the open white door and stand in the doorway. Wait by the sink. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up the stairs and through the door inside on the left.  Walk through the building towards the kitchen and start to go up the stairs on the left of the refrigerator.  Stop on the first step. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up stairs, walk in between table and chairs and couch, walk through doors, walk past living room to stairs, wait on 1st step. 
X7HyMhZNoso Walk up the stairs.  Next, walk inside through the sliding glass doors. Continue straight past the television, towards another set of stairs.  Wait near the bottom of stairs. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go forward and wait in tront of the sink. 
2azQ1b91cZZ From the starting position go straight down the hallway, passing the first door. Stop when there is a sink to the right, before entering the next room with the barbecue grill. 
2azQ1b91cZZ Go past the closet and exit the room, Walk through the hall and continue on past the microwave. Stop in front of the sink. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk to the end of the room past the ropes. Stop inside the next room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn left and walk down the red carpet until you enter the next room. Wait there. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk forward through the doorway, stop and wait in the hall. 
TbHJrupSAjP Go down the hall on the left and into the next room on the right. Go to the bottom of the staircase. 
TbHJrupSAjP Take a left, and leave the library. Walk straight, and take the last right. Go up the stairs, and stop on the third stair. 
TbHJrupSAjP Enter the doorway to your left. Walk straight down the hallway and turn right when you reach the double doors. At the door leading outside turn around and walk up 3 stairs and stop. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Turn around and  walk up the stairs. Wait in the room with the red carpet and book shelves. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go up two flights of stairs, and go into the left room with the red rug. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk up the stairs to the second landing, then turn left. Wait on the rug, near the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Turn left and enter the bedroom on the left. Turn left and walk all the way down the hallway until you reach a wall. Enter the bedroom to your left and stop. 
TbHJrupSAjP Leave the bathroom, and the bedroom. Enter the bedroom on the far left in the hall. Stop in the doorway. 
TbHJrupSAjP Exit bathroom and turn left, go through door and turn left, walk through door and go past rails, turn left at door and wait there. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk towards the stairs.  Walk down the stairs and stop midway on the stairs. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Leave through the second door on the left. Go down the stairs, and stop on the second stair down. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go out the second door on the left. Turn right and go down the stairs. Wait on the third step to the bottom. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs, and enter the room ahead on the left side. Stop at the edge of the shelves on your right. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Walk down the stairs, at the landing enter the second doorway on the left. Wait near the bookshelf. 
oLBMNvg9in8 Go down the stairs.  Go into the room straight ahead on the slight left. Wait there. 
Z6MFQCViBuw exit the roped off hall, follow the red carpet, turn right, continue straight down the red carpet, enter room at the end, stop once inside the room. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Walk toward the sign that says "Viaggio in oriente". Turn right before it, where the red path splits. Follow the path straight and stop in the first doorway. 
Z6MFQCViBuw Turn around and exit the room. Once out, turn right and keep walking straight until you enter the room on the end. Stop once you enter the room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the staircase, then take a sharp left and walk straight. Wait at the entrance to the bedroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs. Turn left and go straight into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go downstairs and wait to the left, in the bedroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hallway along the banister railing on the upper floor of the home. Walk through the open door next to the staircase. Walk into the room, which has a couch and chairs around a coffee table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight until you pass two lamps in the hallway. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk parallel to the stairs, keeping the railing on your left.  Enter the open bedroom at the top of the staircase and stop once you have stepped inside. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn right toward the landing of the stairs and proceed down them.  Stop in the doorway to the left of the lower landing of the stairs, just before you enter the kitchen. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the stairs, enter the room to the left and wait near the sink. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Head down the stairs to your right. At the bottom, turn left and enter the hallway. Turn into the first door on your right and stop facing into the laundry room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward on the patio with the pool on your left. Take a right and stop before entering the house at the door before the winding staircase. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and walk along the path towards the staircase. Turn right and wait by the entrance to the house with a pool table in the room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the grass to your left leaving the grill on your right.  Take a right turn just before reaching the spiral staircase and stop before the doors to enter the billiard room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bedroom and continue forward until you reach a table, stand between the lamp and sofa chair on your right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Wait next to the white lamp in the living room just ahead. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight toward the couches and wait there between the couches and the table and chairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go across the dining room, and turn right next to the table with chairs in the next room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the tables and through the big walk through and stop at the table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and walk to the other end of the table. At the other end, enter the walkway to the right and walk through. Once you reach the room, turn right and stop once you are between the table and the glass cabinets. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the closet past the nearest shoe rack and through the open door. Walk into the bedroom and around the foot of the bed. Continue past the bed and through the open glass double doors that lead to an outdoor patio. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the closet and walk forward. Turn right towards the bed, and keep walking all the way outside the door. Stop at the balcony. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn right and exit the room. In the hall, Turn right again and cross the bed. Then exit to the terrace and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit bedroom, walk to the staircase, go up the stairs, and stop 5 steps from the top. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Move away from the bed toward the doorway, to the right of the sitting chairs. Make a right out of the door. Enter into the main living space and go up the stairs. End about 5 stairs from the top of the stairwell. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn to the left and go into the hall, then go to the right and up the stairs. Go to the top and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk in between the two tables inside of the house, making a slight left turn towards the hallway and stopping once near the white seat with two pillows. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk into the double doors straight ahead. Walk in between the dining table and the bar stools. At the end of the bar and table, turn left and then turn right to enter the hallway. Walk to the end of the hallway and past the dining table. Stop behind the first white chair in the sitting room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the house and walk through the dinning room.  Then turn right and walk through the hallway and enter the living room. Wait near the sofa. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Continue up the stairs and turn right at the top. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and turn left. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk upstairs straight into bedroom, wait at bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Head up the stairs and go through the open doorway on the right. Turn left and walk into the bathroom and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk up the stairs and enter the open room on the right of the staircase. Turn left and wait in front of the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk up stairs. At top of stairs walk into the bedroom. Turn left at coffee machine and stop between two glass double doors. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo walk further inside the house and up the staircase slightly to  your right, walk through the doorway to the left of the cabinet into the bedroom, turn left and walk towards the bedroom, stop right inside the bathroom doorway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight past the stairs and into the master bedroom. In the bedroom take a left into the bathroom. stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward past the table with the lamps into a sitting room.  Go through some glass doors to the bathroom and wait. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hall past the stairs, enter the bedroom to the right of the paintings, turn left, enter the bathroom, wait in the doorway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Travel past the microwave and fireplace. Turn right and go through the door. Turn right and go into the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward past the fireplace. Turn right walk out the door. Hard right through doorway to bathroom. Stop just inside door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward to the living room and take a right at the last right. In the hall take the first right and go forward into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the dining room. Walk past the bathroom, on the right. Walk past the dining room on the left, and the wine storage on the right. Wait at the back of the white loveseat. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Head straight toward the large table and chairs. Pass the table and chairs and continue down the hallway. When you get to another large table with chairs (this table has glass on the top) turn right and go straight into the room with the pool table by going through large arch. Then wait by the white couches. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Move around the right side of the dining table to exit the room. Turn right at the table. Stop behind the left side of the love seat. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk towards the left side of the bed. Turn left and walk through the double doors. Turn left and walk down the stairs. When you finish walking down the stairs stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk towards the bed and then through the double doors on the left. Go down the stairs and wait at the bottom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the bedroom and into the close. Take a left and go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn right and enter the wood and glass doors. Once inside, turn right and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom turn left and walk to the other side of the bed and enter the door to the right of the bed. Stop once you enter the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk inside the door, and turn right towards a corridor inside. Enter the room, and walk forward passing the bed. Turn left at the end of the bed to enter the closet, and stop there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the house, take a right into the bedroom, take a left past the bed until you a walk-in closet on your far left with a lamp near the door, enter that walk-in closet and wait near the shelf in the middle of the room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bedroom and walk towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and wait on the 4th step from the top. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bedroom and walk part way down the stairs. Wait there on the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the room, and take a left. Go down the stairs. Stop on the third stair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Move slightly to the left to walk down the long hallway that borders the stairs. Continue to walk down this hallway in the direction of the sitting area that is behind the double doors at the end of the hallway (You can see a large TV in this room). Right before you reach that room with the TV there is a short hallway that opens to your left. Turn left towards this hallway and then enter the room that is to the left. It is a bedroom. Stop as soon as you enter this bedroom and are facing an intercom. the bed is further in the room and to your right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo turn slight right down hall passed the stairs, continue straight down hall, turn left at opening, walk towards door on the left. Turn left towards bedroom, stop at intercom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hallway do the open doors, enter the bedroom to the hard left, wait at the doorway to the bedroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight until you get to a round table and chairs. Turn right and go into the house. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the balcony towards the table. Enter the house through the last door on the right. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo With the railing on your left, walk down the patio and step inside via the room at the end to the right of the table and chairs.  Stop just after stepping inside. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom and turn to the left.  Take another left turn and walk until you reach the stairs.  Walk left again and continue walking past the stairs.  Walk inside the bedroom door  in front of you and stop before reaching the chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom to your left. Turn left and enter the foyer of the house.  There will be  stairway to the left, you'll walk past that stairway and into the guest bedroom with the white swirl bedspread. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the bathroom and make a left then make another left and walk towards the front door. When you get to the living room make a left to get in front of the stairs then walk past the stairs. Go into the bedroom straight ahead and wait. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Turn left and wait in the doorway of the garage in the laundry room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Turn left and walk past the foot of the bed. Leave the bedroom and make a left into the laundry room. Enter the garage and stop by the small table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left in the hall and enter the laundry room. Walk through the laundry room into the garage. Stop on the first rug in the garage. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go into the walk in closet through the door that's to the right of the head of the bed. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk toward the bed and along the right side.  Enter the closet through the door right next to the nightstand on the right side of the bed.  Stop once inside the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Pass the bed and the couches and go into the closet door on the right side of the bed then stop there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the stairs. Make a right turn, walking to the fluffy white chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the staircase and at the bottom of the stairs, right and go to the couch and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs, and take a right. Enter the sunken living room. Stop beside the right armchair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Move forward with the table to your right. Turn left at the smaller doorway to your left. Pass through the doorway and move forward toward the bed. Move around the foot of the bed and continue forward to the door next to the white table lamp. Go through the doorway of the closet and stop at the small table with the scarf. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn right and exit the room via the left doorway. Walk along the bed and turn left. Enter the closet and wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Take a right then take a left and walk into the bedroom. Walk around the bed and wait in the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and go through the 2 glass doors behind you to leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn right to exit the bedroom. Once out, go down the stairs about 3 steps and stop facing the door to outside. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Exit the bedroom by the first door on your right.  Turn to the left as you exit the bedroom and stop at the top of the staircase. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom. Turn right to go through the double doors. Start down the stairs and stop 3 steps down. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn to the right and walk on the stepping stones.  Go past the grill and turn left.  Then turn right and walk into the house through the door.  When you're just inside the house, you need to stop and wait. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the yard and into the house through the dining room. Stop just inside of the dining room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Head to the walkway  and tun left at the grill. Turn right and wait at the house's back entryway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight until you pass the stairs and the table with chairs then go into the room on the right by going through the large arch and wait by the other table and chairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go through the living room, make a slight right go straight passed the table on the left through the hallway, and wait near the glass table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward to the dining table. Go past the table on the right and enter kitchen table. Stop behind the first chair in the informal dining room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the hallway, go until you're going along the railing and stop before the two lamps. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward through the double doors. Continue down the hallway. Wait near the side table with two lamps. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the sitting area and walk down the hall. Stop next to the dresser near the top of the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward towards the dresser.  Take a right turn and walk past the railing.  Continue walking straight past the two chairs on your right and stand in the middle of the double white doors. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Make a right at the top of the stairs and another right to walk past the table. Follow the banister and walk down to the end of the hall. Wait in the doorway of the living room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Take a right at the dresser and walk forward around the railing. Walk down the hallway, passing the seating area on your left. Go straight and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway. Stop in the bedroom just past the doorway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk toward the staircase, then veer left before the column.  Walk toward the dining room. Turn left and walk toward the sliding glass doors. Walk outside and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Pop over and check on the double doorway that is located through the kitchen area. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the dining area and take a left. Walk through the kitchen and go out onto the patio . Stop in the second diamond tile on the patio. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the bedroom, turn right and then exit the bedroom, turn left, take a few steps down the stairs and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit bathroom and turn right.  Exit bedroom. Walk towards the staircase. Walk down for steps and stop on the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward into the bedroom and turn right. Exit out the door ahead to the right. Once out, turn left and go down the stairs ahead. Stop about a fourth of the way down the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn left proceed around the middle island to the end of the bar.  Turn left and head out of the kitchen, stopping as you enter the dining room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the kitchen, past the dining room table on your left. Turn right at the table, and go towards the front door. Stop near the other dining room table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go to the desk. Go to the dining table. Go in front of the bathroom door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight and pass the table and chairs. Go through he door. Turn right. Pass the kitchen and stop near the glass table with chairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go left passed the table and through the door to the kitchen. Turn right and stop once you reach the kitchen counter with white chairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk into the kitchen from the dining room. Take a right and exit in the dining area. Stop next to the bar stool on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight along balcony, passed the doors to your right, and wait near large glass window. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk to the far end of the balcony and wait by the patio table and chairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo With the pool towards your left, walk forward, past the double doors leading into the building on your right. Continue past until there's a right angle horizontal bend in the railing on your left and a circular table with a large concentric hole in the middle of it, directly in front of you. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the living room towards the dining table. Veer left, and head into the sitting area ahead. Stop in the living room between the first chair and end table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight, pass the arch, right before passing the glass table and chairs turn left. Go straight and pass another table and chairs. Go slightly right and wait by the white chair that is nearest to the table and chairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn right and walk into the sitting area with the fireplace. Wait next to the white chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the bathroom. Turn right in the bedroom and walk towards the door. Exit the bedroom and turn left, walking past the side table. Walk through the double doors on the right and wait near the white padded chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hall take a left. Walk in the direction of the stairs and enter the TV room at the end of the hall. Walk straight into the bedroom and stop before you reach the rug. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom toward the room then exit the room using the door on the right. Turn slightly left and continue straight then turn slightly right into the room and wait by the chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Finish going up the stairs and go into the second door from the left. Pass the bed and go into the closet. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go up the stairs and walk into the bedroom at the top.  Walk towards the right side of the bed and walk into the closet right next to the night stand on the right side of the bed.  Stop once you enter the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go up the stairs and head in the bedroom by the bed.  Go into the closet to right of the bed and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go onto the sidewalk and then straight passed the front door on your right and the stop near the patch of the blue stones on the left of the front door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go along the walkway by the house, and stop where it narrows before you reach the front doors. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Follow the stone path until you get to the sidewalk and then turn left. Continue past the front door and stop next to the tree. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk to the left the railing and past the chairs. Turn left and stop in front of the doorway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down hallway, turn left, and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down hall and turn left at 2nd chair. Wait at entrance to the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the laundry room and make a left into the hall then make a left at the stairs. Make a right when you are facing the living room then straight back to the room with the dining table. Then make a left and wait in the kitchen. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn slightly left and walk past the stairs. Turn right and walk  across the room hugging the right wall. Walk towards the kitchen counter. Wait by the small wooden chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past bottom of stairs. Walk past fireplace. Walk past dining room. Walk past bathroom. Wait at kitchen desk. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the double doors that lead to the stairs. Walk past the cradenza and turn in the first room on the left. Stop after you enter the room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the bedroom and through the double doors that lead into a hall. Walk around the banister rail past the staircase and wooden cabinet. Walk into the room with the open door near the cabinet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk towards the bed, then walk between the bed and sofa.  Walk out the double doors, past a wooden piece of furniture.  Walk to the left and enter a doorway.  Stop and wait by the intercom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom and walk through the bedroom.  Go up the stairs just outside the bedroom and stop on the fifth step from the top. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom, exit the bedroom, turn right and go up the stairs and few steps from the top stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom and then exit the bedroom. Walk up the stairs and stop midway. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through open french door. Walk past mirrors. Walk through open french doors. Walk past porcelain horse head. Wait at bathroom door threshold. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo enter house off porch, turn slight left to avoid furniture and walk across living room to hall. turn right in hall and enter bathroom. stop at sink. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go Indoors, turn left, walk around the furniture, exit the room through the double doors, take the first right and go straight in to the bathroom, stop beside the counter. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight toward the staircase. Pass the staircase and take the set of doors to the right.  Wait by the washer and dryer. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the dining table towards the stairs.  Pass the front of the stairway, and stop at the laundry room door, looking through it so you see into the garage also. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight past the dining table and move to the stairs.take a left and pass the stairs and take a right into the laundry room. Stop Inside the laundry room next to the door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hallway and turn left.  Walk past the kitchen.  Turn left and wait by the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk from dining room to living room. Turn left and go up 6 steps and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo With the kitchen directly ahead of you and the fireplace directly behind you, go forward and to the left of the kitchen entrance. Continue forward and bear left forty-five degrees and start walking to the outside exit. When you reach the stairs near the outside door, turn hard left and climb four steps up the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Continue down the stairs and turn right. Continue forward into the sunken living area until you're standing next to the stuffed chair on the right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the stairs.  Once you are at the bottom turn right and walk across the foyer towards the seating area.  Walk to the right of the sofa table and stop when you are standing between the living room chair, and the end table with the lamp on it. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go downstairs and turn right and walk toward the living area with the fireplace. Stop between the living area and the dining table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo leave the room and go to the pool table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the stairs, turn right, then right again. Walk toward the pool table. Stop by the sofa. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the bathroom and go left, towards the stairs. Walk past the stairs and take a slight right past the dining table on your left and walk towards the dining table ahead. Turn right and head to the couch. Stop behind the couch near the chair on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom. Turn left and exit the room. Walk straight until you get to the couches. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and enter the bedroom. Once in turn left and exit into the foyer area. Walk across the foyer area and to the right side of the sitting area. Stop between the sitting area and the dining table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom.  Walk through the bedroom and walk out and go straight past the stairs and front door.  Go to the sitting area near the fireplace.  Stop on the corner of the white carpet in the sitting area closest to the column. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the room through the archway, then wait in the dining room by the counter. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight through the living room. Continue walking and stop between the dining room and kitchen. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go past the chairs and exit the living room. Stop near the counter. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk halfway to the front door. Go up to the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo go straight towards the front door then make a sharp left and go up the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight towards the entry way door. Turn left at the stairs and wait on the fourth step. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go around palm tree on the left, enter the house. Take a few steps towards the bar, then stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go to the right to head for the door. Walk through the doorway and wait inside near the wetbar. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward with the pool on your left. Walk into the house into the dining room across from the large rock near the pool. Stop next to the plant right inside the door on the right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo WALK THROUGH THE GARAGE ACROSS THE FLOOR RUG. Walk into the open door into the house. Walk through the room with the washing machines and into the hallway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn to the leflt and then to the left again.  walk to the kitchen and walk through it.Stop there by the hallway and wait. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn and face the garage door and walk towards it.Go through the door to left of the garage door.  Go through the laundry room.  After exiting the laundry room through the far door, stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the front door and the stairs and turn right into the utility room.  Walk through this room and into the garage.  Stop just after stepping into the garage. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk around the couch toward the stairs. Walk past the stairs into the hallway and into the first door on the right. Walk past the washer and dryer and stop in the doorway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the stairs and turn into the laundry room. Stop in the doorway to the garage. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go up the stairs. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk up stairs into bedroom. Stop at bed. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk up the stairs and walk into the open door at the top into the bedroom.  Stop after stepping into the bedroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hallway along the banister railing. Walk through the bedroom door passed the cabinet. Walk through the room and through the door near the bed Stop near the open door to the outside. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight, past the banister, and into the bedroom.  Go past the seating area, and through the doorway.  You'll stop and wait in that little room with the desk. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the stairs and into the next room. Then walk past the bed and into the door on the right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk to the right and then back to the left again.  Go to the staircase and go up about 3 steps and then wait. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo go through door on right, stop on third step. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk passed the bathroom to the right. Walk through the hall towards the front door of the home. Turn and walk up the first few stairs of the staircase. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk towards the tub, turn right in front of the tub and exit the bathroom. Stop outside of the door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go straight past the sink, and turn right into the doorway. Stop after passing the entryway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom and wait in the bedroom by the counter. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go passed the stairs and into the dining room with the painting on the left. Then stop before the dining table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo After you pass the stairs on your right, turn right. Head straight until you get to a large room and wait near the table and chairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Move toward the column in near the dining room. Turn right and move down the hallway, Move to the kitchen entrance. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward and then turn right to walk up the stairs. At the top walk to the right and enter the large bedroom and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk up the stairs and turn right. Wait in the bedroom that is straight ahead. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk into the foyer and go up the stairs. Go into the room with the double door on the right at the top of the stairs. Stop in the bedroom before you reach the rug. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Start going down the stairs.  Stop on the third to the last step. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward down the hallway. Turn hard left at the side table and walk down the stairs. Wait on the bottom stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward towards the stairs. Go down the stairs and stop at the stair that is fourth from the bottom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo walk through bathroom, walk into spa room, then stop at front of spa tube. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight ahead to the frame surrounding the tub. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the bathroom past the counter and shower door. Walk into the next portion of the bathroom that has a large round bathtub. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the double doors and past nightstand next to the white bed.  Stop after entering the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn to your left and walk through the bedroom and stand in the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom using the double doors on the left. Walk straight and go out the door on your right into the closet. Stop there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs then turn left and go into the room on the right. Go through the laundry room and straight into the garage. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo With the bedroom behind you, head towards the top of the stairs and descend downwards to the tiled floor at the bottom. Veer left and pass by the bedroom to your left, go through the laundry area, and stop once you reach the garage. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs and through the doorway at the bottom, through the laundry room, and stop at the entrance to the garage. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the dining table. Exit the room taking a right. Go to the stairs and go up four stairs. Stop on the fourth stair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk behind the table and chairs and toward the stairs. Walk up the stairs and stop on the fourth step. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go along the table, towards the stairs, and up the stairs a few steps then stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the kitchen and turn right into the hallway. continue straight until you pass the stairs then turn left and then right on the first door. Wait inside the laundry room by the washer and dryer. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk in front the dining room table and turn right. Walk through the hallway and toward the front door. Turn left and walk past the stairs. Walk through the doorway on the right and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go stand in the laundry room, next to the sink. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go to the white staircase. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Move forward to exit the bedroom towards the hallway. Wait on the staircase. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and walk out of the bedroom through the couble doors.  Then go to the staircase.  Go down a stair or two and then stop, wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the hall past the staircase and the two chairs with the table in between them. Enter the first bedroom on the left and stand by the intercom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo With the banister to the right and the wall to the left, walk down the hallway until you can turn left. Enter the room through the leftmost door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hall passing the railing on the right. Enter the nearest bedroom to the left of the hallway and wait at the entrance. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk across the kitchen and turn right at the desk area. Walk across the kitchen towards the ovens and then turn left. Walk forward into the door straight ahead and stop when you enter the room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Cross in the kitchen and turn right. Continue down to the cabinets and turn left again. Then stop in the entryway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn right and walk towards the ovens. At the ovens, turn left and then walk through the doorway. Stop when you reach the table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and go left after the glass table to the left, go till you see the stairway on the left, take a right and the first left stop at the room on the right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and walk towards the front door. Enter the laundry room and stop in front of the sink. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Pass the glass table and chairs. Go into the hallway. Pass another table with chairs. Pass couches on the right. Turn left when you get to the stairs and go into the room on the right. Wait near the washer and dryer. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the home. Walk between the dining table and the breakfast bar. Wait at the bathroom on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go inside, go between the counter and the table and go straight, go to the slight right through the hallway and go just passed the picture on the right side of the wall and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the house in the dining room through the door on the left. Go forward passing the kitchen and walk toward the front door. Stop next to the bathroom on your left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go right along the balcony to the edge of the balcony on the right and then stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Stand so you are looking over the pool and then turn right.  Follow the walkway until you get to the table and chairs at the end.  Walk counter clockwise around the table and chairs until the potted plant is behind you and then stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Wait next to the table and chairs up ahead and to the left on the patio. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs. Turn right and head directly away from the front door past the dining room entrance and stand in the entrance to the kitchen. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Continue down the steps, making a sharp right turn and walking towards the open space, stopping once you've reached the chairs and tables. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn right at the bottom of the stairs, and walk forward passing the picture frame on the left side of the wall. Enter the dining table area, and stop there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the closet and go through the double doors to the left. Turn left and walk halfway down the hallway and wait. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo exit closet, go through double doors, turn left and walk along bannister, stop at next wall. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the closet. Take a left out of the bedroom, head down the hallway and stop halfway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Take a left to walk down the stairs, then stop and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the wood dresser and down the staircase on your left. Stop when you are three stairs away from the bottom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight and pass the dressing table. Turn left and walk all the way down the stairs, and stop at the bottom fourth stair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs, and take a right. Enter the dining area on the right. Stop behind the last chair on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the stairs. Stand with the front door behind you and walk to the dining room in the 10 o'clock position.  Stop behind the third chair on the right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs, and turn right, go towards the dining room table and stop near the table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight and pass the round table to enter the room visible. Enter the door, and turn right to enter a bedroom. Pass the bedroom and the white sofa to exit out of the room. Walk straight passing the two lamps on the left, and stand at the mid of the wall ahead near the white railing. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo walk to the left of the table, towards the house, enter the house and walk through the doorway on the right into the bedroom, walk past the bed, to the left of the couch, walk through the doorway exiting the bedroom walk to the left of the staircase, continue straight and stop next to the banister after you pass the doorway on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go into the house through the double doors. take a right and enter the bedroom. Leave and walk past the stairs going straight. Stop next to the wall sconce on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs and take a right. Walk towards the dining room on the right. Stop before the first chair on the left side of the table. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs and then turn right and walk past the couches toward the table and chairs then stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Head down the stairs until you reach the bottom, turn right and move past the living room area, wait near the dining table with eight chairs and a chandelier above it. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the stairs and turn left, turn right at the first door and walk through kitchen through second door, stop after the door that leads into the garage. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the stairs and keep walking to enter the corner that is slightly left. Walk passing the sink and the washing machines and stop right outside the door with a round doormat placed in front of the door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go down the stairs, take a left, then take a right through the laundry room, stopping in the doorway to the garage. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo With the washer and dryer on your left, walk through the utility room. At the doorway, go up the stairs to your left and go into the room at the top of the stairs with an open door.  Enter the bedroom and stop after stepping inside. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go out of the laundry room opposite the garage, go slight left and then up the stairs, at the top of the stairs go slight right and through the big archway and take a couple steps in and stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the laundry room past the sink and across the hall up the stairs that curve left. Walk across the hall into the bedroom and stop behind the chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo turn left straight head then left turn, down stairs stop at last step. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the glass doors of the bathroom make a left and walk out the bedroom. Walk down the stairs and wait on the 4th stair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk towards the bedroom area, then turn right where there are two doors opened. Turn slightly left to walk down the stairs. Then wait once at the bottom of the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk up the stairs and turn right at the top. Walk past the side table on the left and wait about halfway down the hall. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk up the stairwell to the upper level of the home. Turn the corner at the top of the stairs and walk along the banister rail past the dresser. Pass the open door and stop just past it near the banister railing. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go up the stairs. U turn right. Walk about fifteen steps then wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go up the staircase and then into the bedroom, turn right and stop in the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the laundry room and go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs go straight and enter the master bedroom. Take a right and enter the closet. Stop once you enter the closet. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the door. Walk all the way up the stairs. Turn right and head inside the bedroom door. Make a slight right and walk towards the closet door entrance and stop there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo After exiting the building, turn left and walk down the path until you pass the doors on your left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the patio furniture down the walkway. Stop at the end of the balcony near the palm trees. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk towards the curved iron railing. Walk past it, and stand by the straight part of the railing. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hallway with the banister. Turn around the banister and walk down the stairs. Walk into the room with the washing machine near the front entry door of the home. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go forward, turn left at stairs. Go down stairs. Stop at door on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down hallway until you can turn left, walk forward slightly then turn left and descend stairs, on ground floor veer left slightly and go through door frame on the left, make an immediate turn right and walk through door. Stop upon entering the room with cupboards. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk straight down the hallway ahead. When you pass the 2 white chairs, turn left. Walk straight into the door ahead and stop in the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Head to the end of the hall and wait in the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward down the hall. Take the last left at the opening. walk forward into the bathroom. Stop in the bathroom in front of the bedroom doorway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom and the bedroom. Stop in the hallway outside the bedroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the bathroom into the bedroom and then exit the bedroom using the door on the right and wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the bathroom into the bedroom, Turn right and walk through the doorway to exit the bedroom. Stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk with the double doors on your left and past the sink on your left and wait by the open door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn left and walk across the carpet. Wait outside just right outside the bathroom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn to the left.  Go past the sink and the towel bar.  Stop there, just past the towel bar.  Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo walk between the dresser and glass table, turn slight right after the table and continue straight down a hallway passing a table on your left. Continue straight past a dining table, on the right side of the pillar, stop right as you reach the rug. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn around and walk straight through the room between the chairs and the long narrow narrow cabinet. Turn right and go through the hallway. Enter the room straight ahead and stop at the rug at the large white chair. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go past the dinning table and head through the large archway slightly to the right.  Continue toward the sitting room with the large white chair and stop next to it. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk out of the closet and walk left out of the bedroom. Walk down the stairs and stop on the fourth stair from the bottom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the closet, then bedroom and enter the hall. Go down the stairs and wait near the bottom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Leave the closet and bedroom. Take a left, and go down the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair from the bottom. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk into the kitchen and past the table and chairs. Turn right past the island and stop in front of the door. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the house using the double doors on the left. Go past the table and chairs. Turn right and go into the kitchen. Wait near the chair on the left. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the building and go between the dining table and the bar. Turn right and go to the island in the kitchen. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk down the hallway and enter the large room with the white staircase.   Turn right, and walk up the staircase.  Stop at the top of the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk through the door and to the stairs. Walk up the stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Move forward throught the doorway. Next turn right and walk all the way up the stairs. Step onto the second floor and wait there just at the top of the stairway. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk past the round table and towards the door next to the refrigerator. Enter the laundry room and stop in front of the sink. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the garage, enter the laundry room, wait at the sink. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk across the garage to your left and wait in the laundry room. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo With the dining table on your right go straight into the entry room passing the living room on your right and take a left passing the bedroom on your left and go into the laundry room stopping inside the laundry room just on the inside of the doorway with the sink on your right. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk towards the front door to the house which is open. Walk around the staircase and walk into the open door to the room with the washing machines. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Enter the foyer, walk to the bottom of the stairs, enter the laundry room, wait at the sink. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Turn slightly to the right and walk past the mirror and head out of the door to the left  Continue through the second entryway that is just after the first door. Walk towards the small wooden table with the lamps on it. Turn around to the left and just before you reach the plug-in on the wall stop. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go into the hallway, turn left and wait in the hall. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn left and turn left again. Wait there. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Go to the left and into a bedroom.  Walk past the foot of the bed and turn right.  One you are in the next room, stop and wait. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk into master bedroom. Walk to the open door past bed. Wait inside office. 
5ZKStnWn8Zo Walk forward from the top of the stairs into the bedroom. Walk past the left side of the bed into the little side room. Stop just inside the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk passed the mirror and turn right to go out through the white door. Turn left and go straight until you reach a bedroom on your right. Turn left into it and stop in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the left of the mirror and out of the bedroom. Turn left and walk past the stairs. Walk in the doorway of the bedroom on the left and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the room, towards the staircase. Take a left, and enter your first room on your left. Walk into the room and stop once you walk through the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Leave the dining room and enter the living room. Take a right, and walk past the fire place as you leave this room. Enter the formal dining room across the hall. Stop once you step onto the rug. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go into the room. Turn right and pass the fireplace. Turn left and go into the second room on the right. Wait there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Stand so the dining table is behind you and walk straight into the sitting area in front of you.  Walk past the fireplace and through the door in between the two columns  Step into the dining room and walk towards the table.  Stop after stepping on the polka dots on the floor. 
pa4otMbVnkk Enter the dining room to the right of the green couch, enter the kitchen, wait at the bottom of the stairs next to the oven. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight back into the dining room and make a slight left into the kitchen. Make a right and exit the door that goes to a stairway. Wait in the doorway of the stairway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and walk through the door to the table . Take a slight left and go through the door to the kitchen. then take a right and stop at the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Head forward into the open archway on the right. Move ahead into the study past the coffee table. Pass the fireplace and turn right into the next room. Turn right again and wait just inside the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk into the room to the left of the dress painting. Around the side table. Take a left at the fireplace. Go past the bookcase and take a left. Go into the bathroom to your right. 
pa4otMbVnkk Locate the large doorway on the right side of the room if you are looking at the staircase.  Walk through the doorway and enter the room, following the edge of the blue carpet, then move diagonally to the area in front of the fireplace between the two arm chairs.  Keep following the wall with the fireplace until you reach a doorway to another room with black walls.  Enter this room, walk a short way down the hallway and turn right.  Stop in the doorway to the bathroom, on the tiles. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs and wait at the top, near the railing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go down, then up the stairs a head of you. Take a right and stop once you reach the carpet on the right of the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Move forward and walk up the stairs, Turn right and wait at statue. 
pa4otMbVnkk With the kitchen area behind you, walk down the hallway towards the pillars in the big open area.  Turn left after passing the second red chair and enter the dining room.  Stop when you step on the polka dot part of the carpet. 
pa4otMbVnkk Head out of the kitchen, and walk down the hall.Enter the dining room through the door to the right of the green couch. Stop on the edge of the rug. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk away from the kitchen down the hallway.  Continue straight through the living room, and take the doorway on your right side, across from the green couch, to enter the dining room.  Stop next to the large wood dining table.  There is a painting on the ceiling above the table. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk across the living room area towards. Turn slightly right and wait in front of the black sculpture. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the dining room into the living room. Walk by the windows behind the couch. Walk out of the living room and into the next room. Walk to the right of the bar past the sculpture. Stop just past the sculpture. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the dining room in to the living room. Head through the far doorway into the bar area. Stop in front of the statue of the standing lady. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around, and go through the closet on the right. Go into the doorway on the right and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom and turn right at the mirror. Enter the closet and walk to the back, exiting into the theater room. Wait just inside. 
pa4otMbVnkk Face mirror and enter the door on the right.  Walk through closet until you reach the movie theater.  Wait here. 
pa4otMbVnkk With the piano behind you walk straight, passing the two white marble statues.  Stop in front of the painting of the white dress. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the foyer, past the statues and stop near the painting. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk across the room past the statues and stop in front of the painting. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit bathroom, turn right, go between the statues in the room and then up the stairs a few steps shy of the first level and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk toward the round table. Turn right and go up the stairs. Go up about twenty steps. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk into the hallway and turn right.  Walk to the circular table in front of the window and turn right.  Walk between the two marble statues and up the stairs.  Stop on the second step to the top before reaching the landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left go into the corridor on the left and into the hallway on the left. Go through the door on the right and step down into the theater and wait on the right side of the first set of seats. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left and enter the closet. Walk out of the closet and enter the theater. Wait there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and exit out the door on the left into the closet. Walk all the way through the closet and exit the door on the black door on the right. Stop once at the doorway looking over the theater room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go into the clothes closet. Exit the clothes closet through the other door and stop just outside of it, next to the mirror on the wall. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go out the door on the right and into the closet. the pass through the closet and turn left. Stop right in front of the mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the theater room and walk into the closet. Walk through the closet, past the drum and stand next to the mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go through the doorway into the living room, take a right at the redish chair, keepi goinging until you get just through the doorway, turn right and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk closer to the door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left and enter next room. Then turn right and walk past the column and enter the next room. Stand near the statue. 
pa4otMbVnkk Wait in the kitchenette at the other end of the theater to the left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk towards the windows and then turn right. Walk straight and stop at the entrance to the other room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left and walk between the rows of chairs.  Turn left and walk in front of the wetbar and then wait. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go around the couch and through the study. Exit through the door on the left of the bookcase and fireplace. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the lion picture on the wall and make a right to stand in front of the desk. Then make a slight left and wait in the doorway of the room beside the desk. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past desk. Wait at elephant. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk across the lobby and wait near the double door entrance. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the stairs and past the human statue. Stop next to the round table with flowers on it. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk parallel to the staircase and past the white marble statues.  Walk to the front door and stop in front of the mirror to the right of this front door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs.Turn left and go up the stairs. U turn right and wait there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up the stairs, turn to the left and walk up the rest of the stairs. Turn right at the curio cabinet and stop at the end of the metal banister. 
pa4otMbVnkk Head up the stairs and wait just to the left of the bust in front of the mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through kitchen area past the sink and counter top into the next kitchen area. Turn the corner and walk past the center counter with bar stools. Walk past the water jug and continue past the refrigerator into the next room ahead passing by a desk. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go straight through the kitchen. Turn right and continue go past the kitchen. Wait near the desk with the phone. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left and walk forward all the way into the kitchen . Turn right and walk past the bar stools and stop once you pass the desk on the right. 
pa4otMbVnkk With the dining table at your back walk into the hallway and take a right. Walk around the stairs and go into the room that is the farthest on your left and stop in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk walk to the bronze statue continue straight past the stairs to the chair then walk slightly left between the marble statues continue straight past the picture of the dress wait in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the dining room into the foyer, turn right, walk to the mirror, turn left, walk past the window, wait in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs. Turn left and continue going up the stairs. Turn left and go into the room on the right. Wait at the entrance. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up the stairs and go left. Walk up the steps and walk into the hallway to the left of the glass case and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up stairs to landing, turn left and go up stairs. Turn left and go  through door into room with flower wallpaper and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and keep walking on the hallway across the first doorway and wait at the top of some stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk pass by right of railing, stop at top of stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk down the hall past the sculptures. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left, and walk across the staircase and pass it. Enter the room that is straight in front of you, and stop there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and exit into the large room behind you with the 2 large statues. Walk between the stairs and the statues and enter the room straight head. Stop inside the room facing the TV, bookshelves and the fireplace. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn and go to the staircase. Go straight through the large entryway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Pass the statue on your right then turn left. Walk straight until you get to stairs on your left. Go up three steps then wait there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go to the right of the counter, go through the room towards the white statue, turn left and take a few steps up the stairs and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go to the right of the island and and continue passed the stairs. Stop on the first step. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight past the bed on the left and into the room. Wait in the entrance of the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the door on the right side of the bed and stop after stepping into the large bathroom area. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk across the bedroom and wait inside the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk forward past the white phone and make a right. Walk forward and go past 2 red chairs on the left and stop. Turn right and enter the room with the painting on the ceiling and wait here. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go to the desk. Go through the doorway beside the desk. Go to the red chair. Go into the dining room and stand. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the kitchen through the doorway next to the refrigerator. Take a right past the desk. Go straight and enter the dining room through the second right. Stop once you are on the rug. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go towards the fireplace. Enter through the open hidden book case door and wait beside the light switch. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk towards the fireplace and past the office desk.  Take the door on the right and wait by the wine cooler. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the den past the fireplace and enter the theater room.  Stop next to the popcorn machine. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight head along the black railing. When you are almost at the end,  turn left and head down the stairs. Stop after you step down a couple stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk forward down the hall. Go down the first set of stairs. Stop on the fourth stairs down. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the vase next to the rail. Turn left and walk down the steps. Stop on the third step from the bottom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the stove further into the kitchen. Turn left and go through the door down the hallway. Go past the bathroom and stop by the white closet door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go straight then turn left and go down the hallway until you get to a room with pink chairs, a fireplace and a green couch. Wait there by the first pink chair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go toward the plant and take the first left. Continue forward. Stop at the second door to the right. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the room by passing the chairs. Go through the doorway and follow the staircase. Descend the stairs and stop on the third step down. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the ottoman and between the two chairs out of the room. Walk across the room and out the door and turn right. Walk down the steps and stop on the third step from the landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the room into the main hallway and turn right. Then walk midway down the first set of stairs and stop near the banister. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the room a walk upstairs to the left. Wait in the bedroom across the hall from the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Leave the office and enter the foyer. Walk up the stairs to the left and wait in the bedroom doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit sitting room and walk straight towards the staircase. Go up the staircase and turn left where the stairs split.   At the top of the stairs walk towards the bedroom on the right. Stop in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs, to the landing, then up the rest of the stairs. Go around the corner and wait facing the kitchen. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up all the stairs. Make a left and stand in front of the open doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go upstairs and wait on the left in the kitchenette doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go into the large open area and up the white stairs. Stop on the stairs just before the first break in the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Enter room with statues and go up stairs. Stop at landing between two sets of stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right, walk through the entryway, turn left, walk up the stairs, and wait at the top of the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk into the nearest room on your left. Walk through the room into the bedroom. Walk through the bedroom and turn right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left and go into room. Go passed the two chairs and turn right, enter the room in front of you. go across that room slightly to the right and go into the next room in front of you. Stop at the mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Make a right at the top of the stairs and go into the first room on the left. Go straight and go into the bedroom directly in front of the door you just went in. Make a right in the bedroom and go into the bathroom. Wait just inside the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk left past the chairs toward the window. Make a sharp turn left and stop just inside the bathroom door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the closet then turn left. When you pass the couches turn left and go into the room on your left. Wait by the sink. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the four chairs in the back row and then turn left.  Enter the bathroom and then stop in front of the sink. 
pa4otMbVnkk walk up stairs, turn right, continue upstairs, turn right, enter room on left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs to the right towards the table with the vase continued down the hall into the large marble bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs. Climb up the right-hand side of the stairs. Make a right-hand turn at the vase. Make a left turn into the first set of doors. Walk past the double arm chairs into the room with the dark brown ceiling. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the door to the right of the dining table and chairs.  Keep walking straight through to the kitchen and stop just after you pass the flower decorations on the floor underneath the two framed pictures on the right. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the formal dining room using the doorway on the right of the room. Enter into the kitchen by turning right through the doorway and continue walking on the tile flooring. Pass the wet bar area and stop in the kitchen right before the seating area at the kitchen counter. There will be a set of white doors on the left hand side. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go straight past the table and chairs then turn right and go straight until you get to the kitchen. Wait there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs until you get to the middle and then turn left and go up the rest of the stairs. Then go into the second door from the left and wait there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the two statues and up the large staircase. When the stairs split walk to the left and up the next set up stairs. Straight ahead is a display case, walk through the doorway to the left of the display case and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs behind the 2 large statues. Once you are at the top of the first set of stairs, turn left and go up another set of stairs. Once you are at the top of those turn left and then enter the first door to your right. Stop right inside the door facing the couch. 
pa4otMbVnkk Leave the bathroom through the door.Go out the door towards chair in front of tv, then out another door towards railing. Go downstairs and stop before the landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left and exit the room. Go to the left passed the mirror and enter the living area. Then turn left to enter the double doors, turn left again and stop on the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the fancy bathroom then turn left and exit the bedroom.  Walk through the sitting room and enter the hallway with the main stair case.  Walk down a few stairs and stop before the landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom using the door on the right and turn right to go into the hallway turn right again to go into the room on the right with floral wallpaper and couches. Pass the mirror and exit that room using the door on the right and wait near the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk walk through the doorway exiting the bathroom, turn right at the vanity and walk through a second doorway, turn right and enter the sitting room, walk past the couch and through the doorway on your right. stop once you are out of the room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom and turn right. Turn hard right and enter the sitting room.  Turn right and enter the great room and wait  by the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right and move forward.  Turn left and proceed forward to the end of the room.  Turn left and move forward. 
pa4otMbVnkk Face the urn. Turn left and walk toward the blue wall. Make a slight left and face the next room in the open doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the right of the dining room table. Walk to the doorway and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk in front of the sink and turn right. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk past the beds into the hallway. Turn right, then turn left and stop on the second step down. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom and turn right into the bedroom. Turn right again and exit the bedroom. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the bathroom passed the sink and into the bedroom on the right. Walk passed the foot of the bed out the door into the hallway. Walk towards the nearest stairwell to the lower level of the home. 
pa4otMbVnkk Head towards the base of the stairs leading upwards near you and climb the stairs, stopping two steps before reaching the landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go straight and pass the stairs on the right. U turn right and go up the stairs. Wait in the middle. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the base of the stairs and go up them.  Stop on the second step to the top before reaching the landing where it breaks into two staircases. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the foyer to the bar area.  Continue through the doorway, into the living room, toward the French doors.  Turn left, walk through the living room, and to the doorway next to the fireplace.  Stop in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight until you get to a statue then turn right and go into the room on the left. Walk past the green couches and pass the fireplace on the left. Go straight into the room and wait near the black table with chairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go straight and turn right into the room  the the rug. Go to the right of the furniture and stop in the doorway to the next room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the right of the statue and into the room on the right. Walk past the end table and turn left. Walk past the fireplace and the desk. Walk through the entryway and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk into sitting room. Go across room and exit to the left of the fireplace into room. Stop at bar area. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk into the room to the left of the painting of the white dress.  Walk through the room and go through the door to the left of the fireplace.  Stop after passing through this doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up the stairs and down the hall. Stop in the sitting area, near the fireplace. 
pa4otMbVnkk Ascend stairs, continue straight ahead after staircase exit, and walk down hallway and wait in living area. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the steps. Turn left and go through the door. Go straight into the hallway and walk straight until you get to a room with fuchsia chairs. Wait by the first fuchsia colored chair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the fireplace. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right to move towards the fireplace. Turn left to walk towards the desk. Turn right to walk past the desk towards the doorway. Stop in front of the narrow bookcase. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk across the room and wait to the right of the desk. 
pa4otMbVnkk Enter the bedroom to the right. Walk past the bed on the left. Wait at the door to the water closet. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go straight past the armchair. Go through the door. Take a slight right towards the next door and go through it. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk across sitting room through bedroom into bathroom. Wait at mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the door and turn left. Walk up two sets of stairs and stop outside a white door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and take a left at the hall. Ascend the small staircase and continue. Stop on the second to top stair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit room and walk up the set of stairs.  Wait in front of the mirror at the top of the stairway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the room. Turn right. Go don the steps and then up the steps. Turn left and go into the room on the right. Stay there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out the doorway of the room. Turn right. Walk to the opening in the railing on the left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right stopping at top of stairs. Go down stairs onto landing. Stop on landing facing stairs the go up. Go up stairs and make a slight left. On the right side enter doorway near thermostat. 
pa4otMbVnkk Enter the room. Turn left and go past the couches turn right and go into the large room. Go up three steps of the stairs then stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right and cross the sofa. Enter the doorway and walk to the stairs. Stop on the third stair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn to your right and go across the room. Exit out the door to the left side of the room. Once out go up the stairs in front of you stopping on the third step. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight past the table and take the first left into the bedroom sitting room. In the sitting room take a left, and another left into the bathroom. Step on the white rug and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right to walk a short distance down the hallway towards the stairs. Before you get to the stairs turn left into the first room and walk forward into the sitting area, then turn left to walk in the direction of the bedroom. Walk through the doorway into the short passageway. Take the first left to walk into the bathroom. Stop on the circular bath mat facing the taller sink. 
pa4otMbVnkk Enter the bedroom through the first door on the left, enter the bathroom, wait at the sink. 
pa4otMbVnkk walk through the hallway to the stairs landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Facing the balcony take a left. Go straight down the hall and stop before you go up stairs once you enter the room at the end. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and walk down the hall and wait at the stair landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up the entryway stairwell towards the upper floor of the home. Turn right up the remainder of the stairwell. Walk passed the urn in the hallway and through the first open door, which leads to a greeting room with cushioned sofa chairs and a television. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight up the stairs in front of you. Once you reach the top of the first set. Turn right and go up to the top of those stairs. Once at the top turn right and walk to the first door on the left. Stop when you reach the door of the room looking in while still being able to see the metal railing to your right. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up stairs, and stop on the landing. Make a right, and walk up stairs. Make a right at the top of the landing. Walk past the console table. Wait at the threshold of the open door on the left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk into the hallway ahead. Turn left and walk through the open double doors. Walk through the kitchen and into the stairwell on the opposite of the room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the doorway you are in and then turn left. Walk straight through the kitchen and enter the doorway across the room. Stop on the carpet at the bottom of the steps. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom and turn left then continue down the hallway. Stop right by the stairs on the right that go up. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the statues and through the entryway to the left of the front door. Stop just inside the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and go straight past the statues towards the narrow doorway. Go through the doorway, past the painting on the wall. Take a step to the left towards the open door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the two statues, and down the hall on the left. Enter the bathroom through the first door on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go into the kitchen and stop before you reach the kitchen island. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go through the hallway with the brown floor and keep going straight until you go through a doorway then make a left and wait near the phone. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and head down the long hallway behind you. Go all the way down to the last door at the end. Enter the room and then turn left walk forward and stop right before you reach the counter in the center of the kitchen. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go past the two glass doors and the console table into the large room and up the stairs.  Wait after going up 3 stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Travel forward towards the wall painting, turn right and head all the way down the hallway until you reach the vase on a pedestal, turn right and head past the statues until you are at the bottom of a stairwell. Wait there. 
pa4otMbVnkk With the mirror towards your right side, go forward and turn right ninety degrees, and continue forward past the half bath to your right and into the lobby. Then turn right and head towards the stairs leading up and stop after climbing three steps. 
pa4otMbVnkk Travel straight across the large room passed the chairs. When you come to the piano turn left. Move towards the large glass double doors with the vases on pedestals on either side of it. Stop and wait in front of the door handles. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the seating area, past the fireplace, veering slightly to your left. Turn left. Veer slightly to your right, toward the windows. Wait by the windows. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go straight through the sitting area and to the door located between the two large urns. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Turn right and walk past the dish washer. Stop by the chair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom, turn left, go through the white double doors, then turn right through the kitchen area and step into the dining room and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the bathroom into the hallway. Turn the corner to the left and walk through the open doors into the dining and kitchen area. Walk through the kitchen past the counter tops and into the next room with a dining table near the windows. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and walk up the stairs. At the landing turn right and walk up second set of stairs. Stop by the mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk upstairs, turn right, walk upstairs and wait on carpet. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs until the middle then turn right and go all the way up the stairs then wait there by the pink vase. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the left of the railing down the hall. Continue down the hall and stop next to the room with the workout equipment. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk down the hallway with the black railing. Walk past the painting and brown door. Stop in front of the two framed pictures. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk all the way down the hallway keeping the wall on your left and stop in front of the door on your right side that has the treadmill inside. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the office towards the open entryway ahead, passing a set of small tables and a book on a pedestal. Walk into the large open room with statues and immediately turn the corner to the left. Follow along the wall towards the dresser with vanity mirror ahead. Turn the corner into the hallway before reaching the vanity and stop near the glass doors along the hall. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the room. Turn left and then left again. Wait there near the bronze chair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk next door and wait in the hallway outside the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk into foyer. Walk upstairs. Wait under crystal chandelier. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the chair on the right and turn left to walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the first landing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the talk back chair at the entrance to the room with the statues. Walk to the stairs and climb until you are standing on the third stair from the top of the first platform. 
pa4otMbVnkk Move through the doorway, then down the stairs to the left and continue up the stairs from there. Stop when you reach the top. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the door and turn left. Walk down the stairs and then head up the other stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the room, walk down the first flight of stairs on the right and wait straight ahead at the top of the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk exit dining room to sitting room, turn slight right and walk across sitting room  into hallway. turn slight right and follow hallway to the left. stop at large entry on the left next to a book on a table. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and go out the open door towards couches. Turn to your right and go forward on into the open room on the left. Walk into the room and walk to the left of the bar. Go forward towards the man coming out of the doorway to the left and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Leave the dining room, make a slight right, walk through the living room, through the entryway, make a slight left, walk past the bar, and wait in the living room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the statue towards the corner window, keeping the railing on your right.  Turn right at the windows and past the top of the stairs.  Enter the room on the left and stop in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and move forward down the hallway. Turn right, go past the stairs and stop in the doorway at the left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk down the walkway and past the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the first room on the left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the closet and make your first right. Go down the hall and stop at your first right. Stand in front of the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go out the hallway and past the large portrait of the regal looking woman and down the hallway on the right you will find a bathroom with a gilted mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the closet into the hall. Go down the hall to the first door on the right and wait in the washroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk pass fridge and turn left, continue through doorway to dining room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the kitchen past the refrigerator and towards the desk built into the wall. Turn the corner near the desk and walk through the adjacent kitchen area with a sink and washing machine and stop near the open door ahead. 
pa4otMbVnkk walk between the fridge and the island and make a left walk through the butlers pantry and step into the dinning room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom. Take a sharp right. Walk toward doorway. Stop there. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom and turn right. Then walk into the next room. Stop next to the sink. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom and make a right.  Cross the room and stop in the open doorway when you get next to the water cooler. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk down the stairs to the landing and up the next set of stairs across from you. Make a right to the door past the vase. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around on the stairs, go up the stairs.  When you get to the top, Turn tot he right and walk past the vase on the table.  Take the first left doorway and go just inside that doorway.  Stop and wait. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and walk down the stairs and up the stairs. Take a right and wait in the doorway on the left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right and walk forward a few steps. Turn left and walk up one step. Walk straight and up another step. Next walk past the washer and dryer and then turn left Wait just in front of the entrance to the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk toward the double doors and turn left. Walk down the hall and turn left past the washer and dryer and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left at the single step, continue walking up forward up the steps, then take a left turn right after the red washer and dryer. Stop just in front of the bathroom door. 
pa4otMbVnkk walk across room to the end, turn left in archway take 2 steps then turn left into bathroom. Stop inside bathroom door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Head down the hallway past the stairs. Turn left into the hall and then turn left again stopping in the bathroom doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight along the bar towards the mirror, then turn left, go straight, make another left, then wait in the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the closet and turn into the bathroom on the left.  Stop after passing through the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk forward through the closet and exit. In the hall take a left at the first door on your left and stop in the doorway to the seating area outside of the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn right and walk further into the closet past the hangers. Exit out the door and then turn left and stop in the doorway to the room with the pink bench. 
pa4otMbVnkk Leave the bedroom and take a left going down a long hallway. Once you are past the balcony enter the bedroom that is first on your left and stop in the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go through the doorway and out into the hallway, take a hard left and go down the hallway, turn left through the next doorway and wait by the nightstand. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the bedroom and make a left into the hallway. Walk straight down the hall and wait in the doorway of the first bedroom on the left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the small table with four chairs, into the entry. Walk between the two women statues and go to the left of the front door. Stop in the archway to the right of the painting of a white dress. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the left of the painting and past the stairs. Walk to the left of the statues and in the entryway to the left of the front door and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk down hallway, past stair case, walk toward the hallway and stop in front of washroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk From stairs turn left into sitting room, walk across room and exit near desk into adjacent room. Stop at sink. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left towards the large open doorway.  Walk towards the doorway.  Walk through the doorway.  You are in the library.  Walk towards the fireplace that is on your left.  Stop in front of the fireplace.  Turn towards the striped red chair on your left.  Walk behind the chair and past the bookshelf on your right until you reach a doorway on your right.  Turn ninety degrees.  Walk until you are standing in the doorway.  Then stop.  There should be a sink on your left. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through the large entry way on the left. Go across the room and go into the left door in the corner. Stop inside the doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up the stairs and take a right. Enter the sitting room through the first door on your left. Go through the sitting room into the bedroom through the second door on the right. Take a right into the bathroom. Stop just inside the doorway to the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs and turn to the right.  Go left when you get to the first available doorway.  Turn to the right and walk past the bed and nightstand.  Go into the next room, a bathroom, and stop right there and wait. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the top of the stairs and turn right. Turn left and walk through the double doors. Walk past the chairs and into the bedroom. Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the bathroom and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up stairs to landing, turn left and go up stairs. Enter bedroom. stop at shelf with figurines. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk up the center staircase. Turn left on the landing, and continue up the stairs. Walk to the right of the curio cabinet, and wait in the bedroom door threshold. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs, turning left where they split. Stand in the doorway of room straight in front of you and slightly right, to the right of the display case. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk along the railing, making a quick right into a seating room, and through it into a large bedroom with a fireplace. Wait inside the door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk right into living room, continue straight into bedroom. Stop between two chairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk down the hallway and turn left and go into the room, pass the couches and turn right then wait by the black chair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Leave the bathroom and go straight in the hallway. Take the Second right and enter another bathroom. Stop in the bathroom doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk through bathroom. Walk past hall mirror. Make right after console table. Wait at bathroom door threshold. 
pa4otMbVnkk exit room through door next to bench, go toward outside doors and stop in doorway to right. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk and turn slight right heading towards the door. Exit the door and turn left. Keep walking straight and stop on the left side of the left staircase railing. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk toward the couch and take a right to leave the room. I the hallway take a left and walk straight. Stop near the balcony on the other side of the stairs right on the rug. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk forward until you pass the mirror on the right, take a right. Walk forward all the way down the hall. Exit the hall. Walk forward until you come to the middle of the rug. Turn left then walk forward past the display case on your left. Turn to your right, stop and wait. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs, turn left and go through the white doorway, keep going straight through the next white doorway, go straight and take a step into the next white doorway and stop. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs. Turn left. Go straight all the way until you get to a fuchsia colored chair. 
pa4otMbVnkk Go up the stairs and turn left. Then go down the hall and stop near the second room. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn left. Exit the hallway via the rightmost door. Walk along the hallway past the living room area. Wait past the first doorway. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk past the columns and stop on the tile floor next to the statue. 
pa4otMbVnkk Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Go straight down the hall passing the living room. Enter the foyer through the doorway at the end of the hall. Stop once you are through the door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway past the stairs, and wait inside the first bedroom on the right. 
pa4otMbVnkk Pop over to the next room, it's the sitting room with the botanical wall paper. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bedroom and turn right.  Walk forward, then take the first right. Enter the room and stop right in front of the door. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and take a few steps to the bar.  Turn right and go towards the two chairs, turn left by the table and chairs  Go past the. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk to the right of the counter into the room on the right. Turn left and walk past the table and to the right.  Continue through the doors until you are at the door with handles. 
pa4otMbVnkk walk froward, away from the stairs into the living room. In the living room take a left and walk to the hallway. In the hallway take a right and stop outside the bathroom. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the washer and dryer and walk up the steps and turn left. Stop at second step from the top. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn slightly right and walk up the stairs. Wait by the top of the second set of stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Head past the washer & dryer and up the stairs.  Wait at the very top of the stairs next to the mirror. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the statue on the left and continue past the chairs and near the open white doors, stopping once you're near the end of the room near the closed white doors. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight and pass the stairs. Turn left and go into the room. Walk straight until you get to the door with the windows on the right. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk past the left statue, and the sitting area. Enter the living room through the door on the left. Walk behind the couch, in front of the double doors. walk to the window at the end of the room. Stop in front of the curtain. 
pa4otMbVnkk Exit the bathroom and turn right. Take another right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
pa4otMbVnkk Walk straight ahead, past the shower, then turn right. Make another right turn into the sitting room. Turn right and exit the sitting room. Walk toward the staircase on your immediate left. Wait on the third step. 
pa4otMbVnkk Turn around and go out of the bathroom. Turn right into the sitting room, and turn right to go out to the top of the stairs. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk into the church and go down the central aisle. Walk all the way down the central aisle and wait at the end of the aisle. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk towards the altar using the middle hallway until you get to the first row of benches and stop there. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk down the center aisle and stop between the front pews. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go past the pews toward the front of the room.  Go up the stairs and stop next to the pews on the right, with the altar slightly to the left. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Move to the front of the church and wait behind and to the left of the lectern that's to the left of the altar. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk to the front of the church and go up the stairs to the stage.  Stop just behind the big marble pillar on the right, near the pews on the stage. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk to the back of the sanctuary of the church and into the inside entrance area.  Stop in front of the sign that says "Ego sum panis Vitae". 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Turn slight left and walk down the aisle to the back.  Turn right then go around the column. Stop near the poster in the window. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk down the aisle and wait in the foyer next to the windows. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go right and then left by the pillars. Go to the center of the pews and turn right again, then stop at the last row of pews. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go to the right and turn left by the pillar. Take the next right and go between the pews until you reach the tile floor. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go stand at the back of the seating area between the back two middle benches, next to a table with a lot of papers on it. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go straight until you pass all the benches on the right. Walk up the steps and wait near the benches on the right. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk into the large church congregation room. Walk along the steps that lead to the front of the church. Walk up the step past the alter at the front. Walk towards the podium that is made of wood with a silver metal base. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go forward and take a left at the pillar, wait beside the pew. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb When you get second to the last row of benches turn left. Wait near the first row on the right. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Turn right and walk passed the white table. Cross the pillars and turn left. Then walk to the last pew and stop. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go straight through the middle of the pews the the far pillar. Turn left passed the pillar and stop by the next pillar. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Walk down the isle past the wooden benches and the figurines against the wall. Turn at the column between the statues up against the wall and walk through opening between the sets of benches past the cloth covered podium. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Go down the aisle to the right, turn left at the blue-green pillar into the middle of the sanctuary, when you are in the direct center of the sanctuary then stop. 
gYvKGZ5eRqb Follow the aisle past the first set of pews on the right. At the second set of pews, turn left toward the column and walk in between the sets of pews. Wait in the intersection of the center aisle. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the laundry room and turn right. Turn right and stop just inside the bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit through the door on the left then turn right and then right again to go into the room next door. Wait near the TV. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out the door ahead to the left of the phone. Once out, turn right and then enter the first door on the right and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk into the front entry of the home and continue past the stairwell and front door. Turn the corner and walk underneath the stairwell into the hallway. Continue down the hall Passed the open entryway and towards the dining area straight ahead. 
jtcxE69GiFV leave the room, go down the hallway past the white sofa, go to dining room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Take a right. Take a left after the white couch. Walk straight and wait in the entryway of the dining room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk and pass the dining table, and turn right at the corner. Walk and pass the big mirror that is placed on the left side of the wall, and stop right in front of the sofa in the living room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go past the table and into the hallway.  Turn right and in behind the large sofa. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the dining room, turn right, walk down the hall, and wait in the living room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Enter the walkway area and walk towards the hallway with the stairs. Turn right and walk past the stairs. Stop into the doorway to the bedroom on the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go straight down the hallway and take a right into the bedroom passed the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk past the dresser and exit the room. Continue down the hall and turn hard right. Go past the stairs and stop in the doorway of the bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk down the hallway. Walk down a few steps on the stairs and wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go forward down the hallway. Go to the  animal print stair way, and stop on the second stair from the top. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight down the hallway. Wait at the top of the stairs by the paintings. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go all the way down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, turn left. Go past the couch and take another left. Stop there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the stairs and take a left. Take the left at the bottom of the stairs. Stop next to the closet door on the left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the cheetah stairs then turn left and pass the couch then turn left and wait there by the small door on your left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn so the bed is on your left and walk though the doorway in front of you to leave the bedroom.  Turn left and walk down the hall until you reach the top of the staircase.  Turn left and stop in from of the cabinets. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go out to the wood floored hallway and go past the window seat towards the staircase with all the children's paintings. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk toward the open door which has a floor mirror to the left and a white bed also to the left. Walk into the hallway and turn left. Stop at the top of the stairs and turn left. Wait next to the dark railing. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward towards the dog portraits, take a right and enter the kitchen, take another right until you reach the sink. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the aisle and turn right. Walk down the hallway and stop in the laundry room in front of the sink. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go straight and head towards the picture frames. Turn right and go towards the open door, enter room and turn right. Stop once you reach the  sink. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the foyer, walk through the hallway to the wall, turn left, walk to the doorway to the sitting room, wait at the doorway to the sitting room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the open door.  Walk until the hallway dead ends.  Turn left and walk forward. Wait between the French doors and sitting area. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the mudroom, go to the end of the hall, turn left and wait by the door to the wine room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Locate the open white door straight ahead. Travel to the door. Turn left and enter the door on the left. Move forward three feet, until you are halfway to the large wooden counter. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn right and walk past the washer and dryer to the end of the room. Turn left and walk forward into the room until you pass the glass doors on your right. Stop inside the room facing the wood cabinets and the stalls. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the laundry room. Take a left into the kennel. Stop in front of the door on the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit out and walk forward. Turn left at the shimmery corner. Keep walking forward, and turn right when you see a beige feathered rug with patterned cushioned chairs, and stop there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room and head straight past the white couch on the left. Then turn left and walk straight until you get to an opening on the right. Turn into that room and wait near the grey chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room, proceed through the foyer, pass the entry doors and turn left. Then turn right into the living room. Wait by the chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around from the toilet and take a right out of the door. Walk straight until you reach the first doorway on the right and then move to the hallway beyond it. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the bathroom and go out of the bedroom beyond it. Stop in the hallway just outside of the bathroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit bathroom, go towards dresser. Go right through doorway and exit room. Wait outside doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk up the stairs and turn left into the second door. Wait here. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk up the steps and down the hallway. Walk into the first bedroom on your left and stop just inside the bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go to the top of the stairs, into the first room on your left, and stop just passed the door. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the bar and take a left. Take a right at the end of the hall, and enter the pantry. Stop in the pantry doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk around the lounge chairs and into the hallway. Turn left and continue down the hallway past the formal dining room. Turn right and wait in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the wine room and turn left. Walk down the hallway. Turn right and stand in the open doorway across from the mirror. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight down the hall passing the office on the right. Keep going down the hall past the living room on the right. In the hallway take a left before you come to the dinging room. In the hall take a right into the kitchen and stop just inside the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left to walk down hallway under stairs. Walk down hall toward dining room. Turn left. Walk down hall. Turn right to enter pantry. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn to the left and follow the hallway passed the closed door and the open door. Turn left again when you get to the wooden floored hallway. Go passed the table with the photos on it in the hall and your destination will be in the doorway to the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk across the living room, then turn right. Walk out the door and straight down the hallway. Stop at the entrance of the room at the end of the hallway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk from the sitting room into the bedroom. In the bedroom take a right into the hallway outside the bathroom. Walk into the closet at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn to your left and head toward the door along the far side of the right wall.  Walk through the doorway and head down the hallway on your right.  Stop at the end of the hallway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the kitchen area around the counter and passed the refrigerator. Walk into the hallway and stop near the entrance of the dining room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk past the counters.  Turn right at the refrigerator and continue on straight through the kitchen, past the dishwasher.  In the hall, turn to the left and go into the dining room.  Wait there at the entrance of this room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the kitchen through the archway on the left. Walk through the door straight ahead. Turn left, enter the first archway on the left into the dining room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom and turn left. Move forward and stop at the first closet doors on the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the bathroom passing the sink and toilet. Walk down the hallway and make a left at the paintings. Walk into the bedroom area towards the open door and wall lamp. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and go through the doorway.  Leave the bathroom and head towards the bedroom.  Turn left and walk through the bedroom door.  Wait there, by the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn right and walk down the hallway toward the window. Then turn left and proceed through the doorway to the stairs. Walk upon to the first stair and wait by the banister. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and go all the way down the hallway until you get to the first step of the stairs. Stop there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk towards the white cabinet at the end of the hall and walk straight down the hall with the long white cabinet on your right.  Keep going straight until you get to a staircase and stop on the first step up. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down stairs. At bottom of stairs turn right. enter bar, stop before bar counter. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the stairs and turn right. Wait near the bar. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go downstairs. and through the doorway on the right. Stop just before the bar. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk past the large sofa to the far side of the room and enter the hallway. Continue down the hallway and turn right after the mirror. stand by the bathroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the living room through the door on the left. Go down the hall and take the first right. Stop outside of the bathroom door. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight past the couches on the left. After you pass the couches turn left and continue straight until you see an opening to a hallway on the right. Go into the hallway, pass the mirror on the right and then turn right. Wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the narrow rug rolling it all the way to the end to the picture, then turn right into a doorway of a high ceilinged room with a desk and a textured grey wall. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the dining room, and walk forward down the hallway. Take a left at the end of the hall. Stop on the right edge of the rug. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the dining room and walk straight across wooden floor to the narrow hall. Walk all the way down the hall and wait in the office on the left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight down the hallway past the window seat.  When you get to another staircase, turn left and stand so there is a railing to your right and behind you. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the hallway opposite the stairs, before the stairs turn left and step next to the railing and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and take a left at the stairs. Wait next to the banister. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go to the chandelier. Go to the two light switches. Go to the purple chair. Go to the photographs. Go to the bed. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bedroom and turn to your right. Walk down the hallway and enter the kids bedroom.  Wait by the chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk down the all and into the bedroom. Turn right and stop in front of the chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the restroom. Make a slight right to enter the den. Go left to exit the den. Wait in the doorway next to the double glass doors. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the bathroom and cross to the room on the right. Walk left past the chairs into the the hallway. Stop in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom. Make a right and enter into the sitting area on the left. Walk across the rug, in front of the chair and out into the hall. Make a slight right and wait in the first doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and head down the hallway.  Turn right into the room before the stairs.  Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Pass the stairs and turn right. Head down the hallway and turn right in the first door. Go into the room and turn left and go out to the hallway. Wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk to the end of the hallway and enter the last bedroom on the right. Wait in the hallway leading to the bathroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hall and out the door. Turn right and walk through that door. Turn left and walk through the entryway and around the couch. Go out that entryway. 
jtcxE69GiFV FACING AN OPEN DOOR WITH A BLUE CARPET AND A DESK-CHAIR SET TURN TO THE RIGHT UNTIL YOU FACE AN OPEN DOOR LOOKING AT STAIRS, WALK FORWARD THOUGH THE DOOR TOWARDS THE STAIRS AND TURN TO THE RIGHT SO THE STARIS ARE ON THE LEFT WITH AN OPEN DOOR IN FRONT OF YOU, WALK THOUGH THIS OPEN DOOR AND DOWN THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU REACH A LIVING ROOM ON THE LEFT, TURN LEFT AND WALK THOUGH THE LIVING ROOM UNTIL YOU REACH A HALLWAY WITH A PAINTING, STAND IN FRONT OF THE PAINTING. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk toward the stairs then turn right at the first doorway on your right. Turn into the first room on the left. Walk to the right side of the room and wait by the painting. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk through the door leading to the hallway. Step onto the first step of the stairs leading up and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the room and walk towards the foot of the bed.  Walk to the head of the bed and leave the bedroom.  Start to go up the stairs and stop on the first step. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the door to the bedroom, and turn and walk to the right of the bed. Turn the corner and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward until you reach the end of the white sofa on your left. Continue walking forward until you come to the hall on your left. Walk down the long hallway. Continue walking until you're on the wooden floor ahead of you. Enter the dining room. Stop and wait directly behind the chair at the head of the table. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk across room  towards hallway, turn left at hallway, continue down hallway straight, enter dining room stop at table and chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go straight past the stairs and take a left. Go straight into the dining room and stand behind the first chair at the end of the table. 
jtcxE69GiFV Head out the door to the room with white tile. Go straight until you reach a dark room and go to the edge of the desk. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bar area and walk straight.  Enter the office and stop before stepping on the black & white rug. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit past the black curtains, walk through the foyer, into the room with the desk and chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit room and turn right and go down the stairs and wait half way down them. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk away from the chair and through the doorway on the left side of the bed, turn right and walk down the stairs, turn left and walk halfway down the next set of stairs and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit out of the bedroom through the door you are facing. Once in the hallway, turn right and walk all the way down the stairs stopping at the bottom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around 180 degrees and walk down the steps until you reach the landing. Continue down the steps and stop on the steps halfway down between the landing and the bottom of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk down the hallway.  Then walk down the stairs stopping in the middle of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and follow the hallway to the staircase. At the stairs, begin descending. 
jtcxE69GiFV go toward front door and up stairs, stop at top. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk towards the main entry and go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs next to the light switch. 
jtcxE69GiFV Move towards the front door. Go up the stairs that are opposite the front door. Stop at the top of the staircase. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk across kitchen to hallway, turn left and follow the hall until you get to stairs on your right. Stop at stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the kitchen, turn left and walk to the end of the hall. Stop at the bottom of the steps. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk towards the sink, down the hallway to the left, turn left and walk past the mirror and down the hallway, walk through the doorway, stand on the first step of the stairs your right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left to walk down the hallway, then turn left again. Stop near the doorway on the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go left until you hit a wall then go left until there's a doorway on your right. Wait outside the room entrance. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward and then stop when there are stairs to the right. Turn left, enter the hallway with the bird pictures and wait here. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the conference room and cross the hallway with the wooden floor into the hallway with the tile floor directly across from the conference room you started in. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn right and walk along the table and exit out the doorway at the other end. Cross over the wood hallway and enter the white and black floored hallway. Stop once you are in the hallway facing the other end. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the dining room. Move straight across the hall onto the black and white floor. Stop outside the doorway on the right to the room with a black and white pattern on the wall. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hallway and turn right. Enter the room and wait in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV At the top of the stairs, walk straight down the hallway.  After you have passed the window seat, walk into the room on the right.  Stop once you have stepped into the bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go forward and straight down the hallway. Take the last right and enter the bedroom. Stop once you enter the room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the doorway to the left of the thermostat. Continue down the hall and make a right at the end of the hall. Turn left into the first bedroom. Stop before the credenza and wall mounted TV. 
jtcxE69GiFV Take a left at the stairs and walk down the hallway. At the end of the hallway take a right, then your first left. In the bedroom stop next to the door. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the door directly in front of the stairs.  Go all the way down the hallway until you reach the wall.  Turn right and walk into the first room on the left. 
jtcxE69GiFV go down the hallway away from the entrance room, turn right, enter the sitting room, go between the chair on the left and the coffee table, exit the room, go right down the hallway, enter corredor,  stop on first step of the set of stairs on the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around 180 degrees.  Go a few feet down the hallway. Turn right and enter the hallway.  Turn 45 degrees left and pass through the room into the far hallway.  Go through the doorway at the end of the hall.  Turn slightly right and go up the stair.  STop at the bottom of the stairway. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk forward away from the front door and take a right into the sitting room. Walk through the sitting room and take a right, and another right at the stairs. Stop on the bottom stair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go to the bed
Go to the television
Go to the door
Go to the vase
Go to the white vase
Go to the red chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bedroom and turn right, then turn left, and turn left again to enter the office, and stop at the door. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom, walk through the bedroom, enter the hallway, turn right, walk to the cabinet, turn left, walk to the first door on the left, enter the office, wait at the pink chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hallway going towards the stairs. At the stairs take a left and go into the bedroom at the end of the hallway.  Stop before you get to the window. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hallway. Turn left at the stairs. Walk down the hallway past the chair. Walk onto the purple carpet. Stop in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk to the top of the stairs and turn left. Walk through the doorway, past the pink chair, and stop in the next doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk to the top of the steps and turn left. Walk down the steps and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the steps on the left. Wait at the end. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV TURN AROUND SO THAT THE STAIRS ARE BEHIND YOU AND A HALLWAY IS IN FRONT, WALK TO THE END OF THE HALLWAY UNTIL YOU COME TO THE TOP OF ANOTHER STAIRCASE, WALK TO THE TOP STEP. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk down the hallway. Stop in front of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk to the top of the stairs then stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Proceed through the room and make a left through the doorway, go through the hallway and stop at the entrance to the bathroom on the left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room and walk past the sink. Wait to the left, inside the bathroom door. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go past the shelves and the sink in the hallway, and turn into the room with the claw foot bathtub.  Wait in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the dining room and go straight down the hall ahead. Stop at the end of the hall in front of the painting. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and exit the dining room. Wait next to the office that's on the left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the dining room. Go to the hallway between the picture and mirror straight ahead. Go all the way to the end of the hall and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight until you pass the stairs. Go straight into the room by the stairs and wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hallway, past the staircase and wait inside the sitting room at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk down the hall past the stairs. Wait near the daybed in the girls bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the stairs turn left at the landing and continue down the stairs to the bottom.Turn right and enter the bedroom . Wait in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the steps and to the left. Walk down the stairs and make a sharp turn right. Stop just inside the bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the stairs and turn right at the bottom.  Turn right again into the bedroom and stop after stepping inside. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk down hallway with dining table on left, walk through one doorway, turn right at the stairs, walk up one stair and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hall with the American flag painting to your right. Continue straight through the doorway at the end of the hall. Then start up the stairs on the right and stop on the first step. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go straight down the hallway and into the door. Go up the stairs on your left. Go up only one step then stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around, exit the room. Turn right, go down the hall, turn right and then your first left, stop at the foot of the bed. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bedroom and turn right, walking past the two images of birds on the wall. Turn left into the bedroom with yellow and flower designs on the bed and stop just inside. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the office and go down the hall to the right. Turn right and wait in the first bedroom on the left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and walk down the hallway in the opposite direction of the stairs. Walk until you arrive at the top of the second set of stairs.  Wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk across hall to stairway, turn right and follow hallway straight to stair way. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn right and walk straight passing a cushioned sofa on the left. Keep walking straight until you see a staircase with black railing. Then stop at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bedroom to go out into the hall and make a right.  Go though the doorway at the end of the hall to enter a second bedroom with purple carpet on the floor.  Stop when you get next to the black-and-white pictures of children on the wall to your right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward through the doorway. Make a right and continue down the hall. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk towards the door of the bedroom that leads into the hallway.   Once you get to the hallway, turn right and proceed down that hallway towards the purple carpet.  Enter the room with purple carpet and walk down the short hallway.  Stop when you get to the entrance of the main portion of the room on the purple carpet. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bedroom and go to the right to the stairs leading downwards. Climb all the way to the bottom of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and go thorough the doorway and then turn right. Go down the stairs and stop at the bottom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and walk out of the bedroom. Turn right and walk down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hallway to the left of the lipstick painting and go up the stairs in front of the front door.  On the landing of the stairs, go up three stairs and then stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight down the hallway turn right and go up the steps on the right. Go up six steps then stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the hallway with the bullet art on the right. Make a right at the end of the hallway and walk towards the staircase. Walk up 6 stiars. 
jtcxE69GiFV Move down the steps into the hallway and head to the left. Go through the door, continue forward and wait near the artwork on the wall. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the stairs and take a left. go down the hall and stop next to the light switch on the right next to the patio door. 
jtcxE69GiFV Make a left at the hallway, go through open door on the left, take approximately five steps, then stop before the door to the outside on the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV With the stairs behind you, walk straight down the hallway past the window seat and to the stairs on the other side.  Stop at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk across the hallway towards the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down hallway passed the window seat towards stair case. Stop at the top of staircase. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room and turn right. Go straight down the hallway until you get to a room that has a large table and a chandelier. Wait in that hallway before you go into the room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out the door and go to your right. Down the hallway passed the door on your left and right in front of the kitchen table. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the dining area, down the hall past the white couch and stop before the dining room entryway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn right and go down the hallway. Go straight until you get to the last room on the right. Wait near the entrance. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk towards the stairs. Then turn right and follow the hallway. At the third doorway on the right, turn right and stop near the china hutch. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk towards the stairs and make a right down the hallway. Pass the dining room on the right and make a right into the doorway after the dining room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight down the hallway until you get to the end then turn left. Turn right into the room and wait near the entrance. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn left at the end of the hall and enter the next hallway.  Then turn right and enter the den.  Wait by the chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward with the dining room on your left. Take a left at the end of the hall, and take a right into the office. Stop next to the tic tac toe table. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go behind you and exit the bathroom, turn right and walk down the hallway. At the end turn right and then go to the stairs. Go to the third step on the landing and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom, make a right and go straight down the hallway, make a right towards the front door, go up the stairs and take six steps up the staircase and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn right. Walk to the bottom of the stairs and turn right. walk up the steps. Stop on the sixth step. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward into the living room past the dresser on your left, and out of the room into the hall. In the hallway take a left and walk down the hall. Go down the stairs and stop on the second stair from the top. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go to the dresser
Go to the door
Go to the hall
Go to the divan
Go to the railing
Go down one step. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and walk across the room to the hallways. Turn right and walk down the hall, stop at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk outside the room, immediately turn left, walk past the windows and turn left again.  Walk past the chairs and into the hallway.  Wait in the hallway next to the painting of the woman applying lipstick. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out the door. Turn left and walk through the next doorway. Enter the archway on the left and walk through the sitting room through the archway on the opposite side of the room. Wait by the painting. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hall with the picture on your left and through the open doorway.  Turn left, and walk through through that doorway.  In the hall, enter the large doorway on your left, the first opening in the wall you'll come to.  Cross the room with the wine bottles on your left, and approach the picture of the woman putting on lipstick that is hanging on the far wall.  Stop in front of that picture. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom and bedroom. Go down the hall and wait at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit bathroom to bedroom and go to hallway. Turn left in the hallway and stop at stairs going down. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom. Turn right and walk straight towards another door passing the bed on your left. Enter inside the door, and turn left towards the staircase railing. Stand on top of the stairs and stop there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk between the two chairs and take a left in the hallway. Go in between the next doorway and your there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go between the chairs to the entryway and turn left. Go down the hallway and stop at the glass table. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk in between the chairs towards the painting of a woman using lipstick. Before you reach the painting turn left and walk down hallway. Wait by the aqua colored stool on the floor. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit study to hallway, turn left and walk towards stairs. At stairs turn right and enter sitting room. Stop between 2 chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room then turn left and then turn right and then go into the room on the left and wait by the fluffy rug. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the office and turn left, then proceed into the hallway area. Then turn right an walk into the living room. Stop near a chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the stairs, then turn right at the bottom and enter the room to the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go downstairs, turn right and the stop inside the bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk down the staircase, turn left and walk down all of the stairs. At the bottom, turn right and walk through the doorway on the right and stop facing the bed. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room and walk through the hallway.  Turn left.  Walk into the room on the left with three chairs.  Go through the room and stop in front of the large painting. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight all the way down the hallway then turn left. Turn left again and go past the four chairs and the round coffee table on the fluffy rug. Turn right and wait by the red painting of the woman with lipstick that says "kiss me deadly" on the wall. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go straight down the hallway. When you reach the end of the hallway turn left and go through the door. Make a slight left and go through the room with the four chairs surrounding the coffee table. Stop in front of the large picture of someone applying lipstick and wait. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and walk down the hall. Then turn left and walk into the bedroom.  Turn left again and walk down the hallway. Stop at the bathroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward make a left through the doorway. Walk into the room turn left, walk through the door on the left side of the wall, walk forward, turn right stop in the bathroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk into the second door on the left . Walk down the hall to the left of the end table. Turn right into the bathroom and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the living room and down the long hallway. Walk through the doorway at the end of the hall and stop in the doorway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn 180 degrees. Walk past three framed paintings on the left. Walk through doorway to the hall. Stop just past the double doors leading to the outside. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk directly to the door in the back near the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and go into the hallway on the left. Turn right into the first room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Make a right through the open door opposite the bottom of the stairs. Make a right through the open door opposite the bank of windows.Wait at the pink chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and enter the door to your left across from the stairs. Walk halfway down the hallway and turn right into the room with the pink furniture. Stop beside the table to your left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Follow the hallway to the left and go forward towards the stairs.  Stop in the hallway outside of the doorway while standing next to the thermostat on your left. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bedroom and turn right down the hallway. Turn left to continue down the hall and then head for the door directly ahead. Go through the door and stop halfway between the door you went through and the staircase directly ahead. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn right and exit the room. Walk towards the white counter. Turn left and walk across the hall. Walk through the door and wait by the thermostat. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room. Walk straight until you pass the stairs continue straight into the room. Wait near the couch. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and exit into the hallway. Walk all the way down the hallway and enter the door to the right of the stairs. Stop once you are in the doorway to the bedroom. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk all the way forward towards the black staircase railing that is visible. Pass the staircase on your left, and enter the room that is straight of you, and stop there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk towards the staircase. Take one step down and wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go forward toward the stairs and take a left going down the stairs. Go down three stairs and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn and walk towards the staircase. Turn left and walk down the stairs stopping before the first landing. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk down the hallway until you arrive at the stairs. Stop in front of the opening to the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk to the left of the guardrail, down the hall, through the door and into the carpeted hallway. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom, next to the picture of the two girls on the wall. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the bedroom and through the hallway. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk into the kitchen and turn left when you get to the first counter, passing by the big stainless steel refrigerator doors.  Turn right at the end of the counter and stop behind the four bar stools. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the kitchen and stand next to the four barstools. 
jtcxE69GiFV Make a left turn then a hard left, walk straight before taking a sharp right and stop at your destination. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk down the hallway.  Go until you come to the dining room.  Then turn left and you'll go down the hall.  You will come into a big living room area.  Wait at the back edge of the couch. 
jtcxE69GiFV From the front door turn right and then turn left down the hallway. Next take a left and go down the hall to the living area. Stop just inside the room. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk away from the stairs on the right and take a right. Go straight down the hall and take the first left. At the end of the hall enter the living room and stop at the edge of the couch. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom and then exit the next room via the door that's ahead and on the right hand wall. Climb down two steps on the stairs to your right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the bathroom and then turn right and descend the staircase. Stop on the top stair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit bathroom. Exit bedroom. Walk down first step and stop  at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the bedroom into the hallway and turn left. Turn left into the kitchen and stop. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight past the bed and through the door. Go left toward the back door. Turn left into the kitchen. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Take a left and enter the kitchen through the first left. Stop once you enter the room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Enter the hallway through the bedroom, turn right and go to the end. Wait on the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk into the bedroom and out into the hallway. Take a left in the hallway and go down the stairs. Stop on the third step from the top. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk and turn right to exit the door. Turn left. Walk all the way towards the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk along the hallway. Turn right when you reach the dining table. Wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the bedroom and take a left. Go down the hall and take the third right into the dining room. Stop behind the first chair in the dining room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the stairs and go through the door straight ahead. Walk down the hallway, past the double doors on the right. Turn right and wait by the formal dining table. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room via the door on the opposite wall from the bed.  Walk straight down the hallway and stop in the entrance of the room at the end. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit bedroom, go down the hallway, stop at the doorway at the end of the hall. 
jtcxE69GiFV Edit the bedroom and go down a long narrow hallway  Pass the. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk straight to enter the hallway ahead. Keep walking down the hallway and turn right when you reach the painting of a flag on your left. Stop once you enter the room facing the large table and chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk past the doorway and into the long corridor. Walk past the french doors and the wine room. The dining room is on the right. Stop in the archway to the dining room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk down the hall.  Then turn right and enter the formal dinning room. Wait by the chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the door into the hallway. Continue straight and enter the door ahead. Walk through the door on the right that leads to the desk. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk out the door. Turn left and walk down the hallway. At the last doorway, turn right and enter the room. Stop just inside the room. 
jtcxE69GiFV go straight down the hallway and turn to the right and then back to the left.  Go down the hall a step or two and then turn right.  You'll go into a room that has a redish pink couch in it.  Stop in front of it and wait. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go down the hallway until you get to the second door on the left then go into the room and turn left to go out to the hallway and wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go straight down the hallway. Turn in the 2nd door to your left. Once in the bedroom turn left and stop at the doorway facing the hallway. 
jtcxE69GiFV go through the hallway, make a left through the first doorway and then make a hard left and then straight until you wait just inside the entrance to another hallway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight through the bathroom and into the bedroom.  At the foot of the bed, turn right and exit into the hallway.  Stop after stepping into the hallway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk straight until you pass a sink on the right. Continue walking straight until you get to a bedroom. Turn right and exit the room. Wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around, walk down the hallway to exit the bathroom. Then take the first right to exit the bedroom and wait in the hallway near the window seat. 
jtcxE69GiFV walk away from the door into the hall and take a left. walk forward in the direction of the stairs and the first right and go through the door. Veer left into the living room and stop on the rug between the first two chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and walk toward the cupboard then take a left. Walk toward the stairs then take a right and stop between the chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Move forward with the doorway the bedroom to your right. Turn left when you reach the long white cabinet. Move down the hallway passing the doorway on your left. Pass through the doorway then turn to the right. Pass through the door way and move toward the glass door on your right. Turn left and move toward the four chairs. Stop just before you reach the carpet. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the door by the phone. Turn right and go to the end of the hallway. Enter the room on the left, across from the window. Stop at the table with two pink chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room into the hallway and turn right. Follow the hallway left when it turns. Then turn into the office room with blue carpet and stop next to the round white table with the tic tac toe game on it. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn right and exit out the door beside the phone. Once out turn right and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn left and then enter the next door on the left. Stop beside the red chair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn left and walk down the hallway. Walk towards the exit doors. Turn right and walk acrss the doorway. Wait by the counter. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk down the hall away from the dining room. At the end of the hall take a right and enter the room on the right of the stairs. Stop next to the gold table on the right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Take a left and then take a right. Walk into the room straight ahead and wait there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the kitchen through the door on the right, turn left, walk forward, turn right, walk forward, turn left, and wait in the living room. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn to your right and go through the kitchen towards the dishwasher. Go through the doorway to the left of the dishwasher and turn left. Make your first right and then immediate left into the living room.  Stand in front of the white shag rug. 
jtcxE69GiFV go forward and walk through the kitchen, turn left, then right, go to the room on the left than stop near the 4 chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk forward out of the bedroom door.  Turn right, then wait at the top of the stairway. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the room then turn right and wait at the top of the stairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the room and enter the hall. Take a right and go down the stairs. Stop on the top stair. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk around the counter and then by the stove and fireplace. Take a right after the fireplace and wait next to the couch. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk to the brick oven. Make a slight left and walk to the large sectional sofa. 
jtcxE69GiFV Leave the kitchen and walk through the dining room. Walk into the living room and stop behind the couch just after you enter. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit wine room to hallway and turn right, Turn left at stairs into doorway and stop by open room and window. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the room exit opposite to the wine racks, then turn right and go down the hallway until you reach the foot of the stairs. Go through the door opening to your left and continue forward until you reach a door opening into a room on your right. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk through the wine tasting room and enter the hall next to the stairs.  Turn left and enter the hallway. Stand next to the window. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk into bedroom suite. Walk past folding tray table.Walk past bathtub. Walk past Kerig machine. Wait at light switch. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk into the bedroom turn left and walk into the hallway. Keep walking through the hallway and wait around a small black table. 
jtcxE69GiFV Enter the bedroom, make a hard left, then walk straight down the hallway past a door on your right. Walk into the room at the end of the hall and wait. 
jtcxE69GiFV Walk away from the table, straight down the marble tiled hallway, turn right to walk past the front door and straight through the dark doorway. Stop under the chandelier looking at the bar. 
jtcxE69GiFV Head down the long hallway with the wine rack on the right.  Turn right into the entryway and go through the doorway leading to the bar.  Stop in front of the bar. 
jtcxE69GiFV Head down the hallway with white tile flooring, until you reach the room at the end. Turn right and exit the room into the room with dark wood flooring. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit bathroom.  Turn right, and walk towards blue zebra print chair on floor.  Turn left at blue zebra print chair.  Enter room.  Wait here. 
jtcxE69GiFV Exit the door and turn right. Walk all the way forward towards the end and turn left at the room. Walk inside and stop there. 
jtcxE69GiFV Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn right and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn left and enter the room and stop once you reach the black and white rug. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go through the hallway across from the top of the staircase. Go into the first door on the right side. Go between the two chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go to the top of the stairs and turn right.  Walk past the window seat and turn into the bedroom on the right.  Walk past the foot of the bed into the room with two beige chairs.  Stop in front of the round glass table in between these two chairs. 
jtcxE69GiFV Go towards the stairs and down the hallway on the right. Go into the room on the right before the stairs. Stand in front of the two chairs. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk forward in between the recliner to your left and the couch on your right.  Take a right turn and stop before the rug that says "believe" in front of the door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk through the living room and wait inside the front door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Move forward past the white coach and then turn right, stopping in front of the door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hall. Take an immediate right into the blue bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the room. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn and walk through the room past the television and out through the door with the Christmas wreath. Walk into the hallway. Walk to the bathroom and turn into the bedroom on the opposite side of the hall with the photos on the partition wall. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk out of the bedroom and make a right in the hallway. Make the first right and wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the living room and walk down to the end of the hall. Turn hard left and stop in front of the marker board. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk down the hall and turn left into the bedroom across from the bathroom. Stop just inside, next to the dry erase board. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go down the long hallway, and turn the left corner into the blue room. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Leave the bedroom stop in front of the bathroom door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the bedroom.Wait at the door to the bathroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the bedroom into the hallway and then stop outside the bathroom door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go down the hallway opposite the Christmas tree all the way down, then make a right at the snowmen wreath into the doorway and then stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk to the end of the hall and turn right. Stop just inside the door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go straight down the hall until you get to a door with a wreath. Turn right and wait at the entrance. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Move through the open doorway into the hallway. Turn right and move down the hall.  Stop once you reach the right side of the first Christmas tree you come to. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go through the bedroom door and to the right. Walk all the way down the hall and wait at the end of the hall by the chair in the living room. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk down the hallway and stop by the Christmas tree. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn around and go down the hallway. Go passed the tree and stop right next to the table. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk down the hall and to the left. Stop in front of the table and chairs. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn around and go down the hallway toward the first Christmas tree on your left. Go around the tree and stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY With the flat screen TV behind you, move forward, turning to the left when you reach the kitchen. Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go into the kitchen and stop next to the fridge. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn right to face the end of the white couch. Walk towards the Christmas tree behind the armchair. Turn right and walk toward the dinner table. Stop at the end of the dinner table. Turn left to walk into the kitchen. Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk down the hall heading out of the living room. Enter the bedroom that is the last door on the left. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go straight down the hallway and go into the third room on the left. Wait by the lamp. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the living room by entering the corridor with pictures on the wall.  Continue straight, and walk into the second door on the left.   Wait by the bedroom door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk past the Christmas tree into the hallway. Walk down the hall and stop by the bathroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go left down the hallway and stop in front of the closed door at the end. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn left into the hallway, then stop outside of the bathroom door on the right. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit dinning room and walk toward the living room. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn around and walk into the sitting room behind you and stop in front of the TV to the right side. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn around and walk towards the sofa. Walk towards the TV. Wait just right of the TV. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the bedroom and walk straight across the hall to the bathroom. Wait in the bathroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go straight, then turn right to exit the room.  Continue to the adjacent room, and wait by the bathroom sink. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Take a right and walk out of the bedroom. Wait just inside the bathroom straight ahead. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk past the Joyful Welcome sign on the door to the left. Walk past the framed picture of the antique car on the left. Make a left in front of the wreath with two large snowmen. Wait at the wreath with one small snowman on the left. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Leave the living room and go down the hall. Enter the bedroom that is the last left. Stop once you enter the room. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Stand so the picture of the plane is on your right and walk straight down the hallway.  Enter the last doorway on the left at the end of the hallway and stop after stepping into the room with the red bed. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go to the end of the hall and stop behind the recliner. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Leave the room and take a right and go straight. Stop on the red carpet next to the first Christmas tree. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the room and go right down the hallway. Travel toward the christmas tree and stop at the plaid stocking on the wall. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk between the couch and the chair. Turn right and wait at the door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go straight passed the chair and the couch. Then turn right and go towards the front door. Then stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk across the living room. Turn right after passing the table with the two lamps. Stop at the front door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk around the copier and turn right. Go through the doorway that has a crucifix above it. Cross the hall and enter the door to the left of the Santa hanging on the wall. Stop by the whiteboard. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk around the copier and exit the room.  Walk across the hall and enter the second room on the left. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Leave the office and wait across the hall in the bedroom on the left. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk towards the TV, turn left and walk to the whiteboard. Turn right and exit the room and walk left into the hall. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go right outside of this room and you will see another in front of you with a large whiteboard on the wall with small wooden houses above it. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go to the porcelain dolls
Go to the door
Go to the dry erase board
Go to the light switch. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Take a slight right exiting the dining area. Take a sharp right and walk down the corridor. Stop at the first door. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk forward and to the left into the living room.  Then walk down the hallway and stop next the door of the bathroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn right and pass the Christmas tree then go straight down the hall until you get to a hanging santa on the left wall and wait there. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk to the other side of the bed and turn right to exit the room. Once out turn left and then left again, stopping in the doorway of the bedroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go around the bed and exit the room to the right. Take a left at the hallway and then take the next immediate left and stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn right and exit the room to the right. Once out, turn left and then enter the bedroom door on your left. Stop once you enter the doorway. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn around. Walk down the hall toward the light Christmas tree. Enter the living room. Walk toward the table with chairs around it. Turn a sharp left at the closest end of the table. Turn into the kitchen. Stop on the linoleum. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Move to the right, walk through the doorway and continue straight past the tree, make a sharp left into the kitchen and stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go down the hallway towards the Christmas trees, make a left passed the first Christmas tree on the left, go left a step passed the dining room table on the right and stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY go walk behind the sofa in front of the table. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go between the brown chair and the white couch, go near the dining room table and stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk past the couch towards the table. Stop in front of the table. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the room and enter the bathroom through the first door on the left. Wait near the sink. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn to the right and cross the office. Exit out the door to the right. Once out turn left into the hallway. Make a quick left into the first door and stop looking into the bathroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go right around the printer, continue through the room, a left down the hallway to the bathroom on the left, and stop just when you enter the bathroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk down the hall toward the Christmas tree. Stop in front of the first Christmas tree. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go straight down the hallway until you get to the Christmas tree then stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Walk down the hall toward the Christmas tree, then wait in front of Christmas tree. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the living room by heading down the hallway towards the wreath.  Enter the first door on the right and wait inside the bathroom. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Go down the narrow corridor and turn right into the bathroom . Wait just inside the doorway in front of the vanity. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Leave the living room and go down the hallway. Enter the bathroom through the first door on your right. Stop in front of the sink. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn around and exit the bathroom. Turn left and stop at the first fork. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Turn to the right and exit the bathroom. Once out, turn left and walk all the way down the hallway until it ends. Once it opens up into the living and dining room stop. 
RPmz2sHmrrY Exit the bathroom.  Turn left and go down the hallway.  Wait by the christmas tree. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go to the window. Turn right and go to the next window. Go to the dining table. Go to the coffee table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk through the kitchen on the left side. Go into the living room. Stop in front of the two tables in front of the chairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn right and go through the kitchen. Walk past the round table with chairs on the right. Wait near the two round coffee tables and the beige couches. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up the stairs. Go into the dining room at the top of the stairs and take a right. Stop in front of the two small tables on the rug in the living room. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up the stairs until you reach a table with four chairs.  Walk past the stairs into the sitting area and stop in front of the two small tables in the middle of the room. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up the stairs, turn right, walk to the sitting area, stop by the two tables. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the hallway to the room at the end of the hall. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the bedroom and walk into the hallway. Walk straight down the hall and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall on the right. Stop on the rug next to the lower right edge of the bed. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the bedroom, walk down the hallway, enter the bedroom on the right past the stairs, wait at the bed. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the hall on the right. Go straight, and enter the bathroom, the last room on the right. Stop in front of the first sink. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk past the ceiling vent. Walk past the stairs going down on the left. Make a right into the bathroom. Wait at the vanity. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Stand so the stairs are on your left and walk straight down the hallway.  Turn right just before entering the bedroom and enter the bathroom instead.  Stop in front of the first sink and mirror. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go towards the stairs and walk all the way up, and enter a room straight ahead, and stop there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 walk away from the bathroom towards the stairs, turn left and walk up the stairs turn right and walk up the next flights of stairs, turn right and walk up the rest of the stairs and stop  in the doorway. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 From the bathroom doorway, walk towards the staircase. Go up the stairs. Whey you reach the landing, turn right and continue to go up the stairs. When you reach the next landing turn right and walk to the top of the stairs and into the kitchen. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go directly through the kitchen area until you reach the kitchen table located on your right. Make a left towards the front door of the house and wait there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn left and walk across the kitchen area. Walk past the table on the right and then turn left. Stop facing the black door leading outside. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk forward through the kitchen on the left side. Take a left at the doorway. Stop in front of the door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk past the bed and into the hall past the stairs. Turn left and and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around and walk out the door to the hall. Make a left turn into the room with the toilet. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk around the bed, go down the hallway, and turn left into the bathroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs that are to the left of the two white doors, which are to the left of the kitchen.  On the first landing, make a right, and continue up the stairs.  On the second landing, make a right and continue up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs, make a right and walk past the circular table with the grey chairs.  Stop when you get to the get tot he two small tables on the rug. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn to the left and walk to the stairs.  Go up the stairs and enter the dining room. Turn right and enter the living room area.  Stand next to the coffee table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Stand facing two closed doors with stairs on the left and a kitchen area on the right.  Go up the stairs on the left and go up.  When you reach the next floor, turn right and walk past the round table and chairs, stairs, and walk into the sitting area.  Stop in front of the two small tables on the rug. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn left and go up the stairs, all the way, then turn left and go straight.  When you see a bed, on top of the carpet, you need to stay there and wait. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk all the way up the stairs, at the top, turn left. Wait at the entrance of the bedroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn left and walk up the stairs. Take a left and wait in the bedroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the door, turn left, and walk forward. Pass the stairs and enter the room that next to the staircase. Stand in front of the bed and stop there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the bathroom and take a left. Walk down the hall and go into the room close to the stairs.  Stop at the edge of the bed. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the bathroom and go left into the hallway. Travel to the end of the hallway and stop in the doorway of the room with the grey bedspread. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up stairs. Wait at dining table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs and into the dining room at the stairs. At the top of the stairs top in the doorway. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up the stairs turn right and walk up the stairs. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Walk into the room and stop by the chairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the stairs, and to the left. Go down the hall, and enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop before you reach the rug. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs and turn right. Go down the hall and stop in the bedroom at the end of the hall. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the staircase to the lower level. Continue into the hallway turning the corner to the left and continuing down the hall. Walk past the open doors and through the door at the end of the hall that leads to a bed with a white bed cover. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go all the way up the stairs and stop in front of the closet door across from the top of the stairway. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk up the stairs and turn right. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs and stop at the top of them. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Finish going down the stairs then go past the table and chair and turn left. Stop right at the window with the vase. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Travel down the stairs, go past the dining table, and take a left into the kitchen. Stop next to the countertop. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Head downstairs and walk towards the front door and make a left into the kitchen area. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk upstairs to the dining area. Walk past the table, and wait by the front door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs then go straight past the round table with the chairs. Wait by the black door and the blue vase with the white flowers. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk all the way up the stairs and through the door to the open area.  Keep going straight and pass the round table and chairs.  Walk to the front door and stop on the mat next to some white flowers. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go across the room and up the stairs on the right. Wait on the second landing. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 walk past the fridge towards the stairs, turn and walk up the stairs, turn right and walk up the next flight of stairs and stop on the landing. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Head toward the stairs on the right and go up the stairs then wait four steps before you get to the top. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk out of the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hallway and enter the bedroom on the right that is near the stairs. Step on the rug at the foot of the bed and stop. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go into the hall. turn right and go past the bathroom. Continue to the bedroom with the dark grey bedspread. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk through the door and turn right. Walk down the hallway past the bathroom and past the stairs. Enter the bedroom in front of you and walk to the bottom corner of the bed closest to the door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go straight until you get to a large bedroom then stop by the bed. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk all the way straight until you see a bed that is visible right in front of you. Enter that bedroom, and stop there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn slightly to your left and go down the hallway all the way to the end. Go through the doorway at the end of the hall and wait. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk towards the kitchen and stop at the counter. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk past the couch and recliners towards the dining table.  Walk past the dining table and stop when you reach the kitchen counter with stove attached to it on your left. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn left and walk through the dining area toward the kitchen. Wait by the pottery. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Cross the kitchen and go towards the table. At the table cross over to the living area and stop next to the coffee table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the kitchen by turning right. Walk straight and wait near the stairs on the right. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk out of the kitchen on the right side. Go into the living room, and stop in front of the two round end tables. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs all the way to the top.  Then move forward. Make a left past the countertop and go forward until you get near the doors. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs to the second landing past the dining table and turn left past the counters.  Stop facing the fireplace and back door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Continue up the stairs into the dining room. Go forward in the dining room, and take a left past the counter on your left. Walk into the living room and stop behind the first chair on your left. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around and exit out into the hallway. Turn into the first door to your left and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go straight and turn left into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Pass the foot of the bed and down the hallway.  Take the first left and walk into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the first sink and mirror. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk forward and continue up the stairs. Once at the top, keep walking straight and then turn left to enter the kitchen. Stop once you are past all the cabinets and are facing the fireplace and the doors leading outside. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 go up the stairs past the table then turn left and stand in the living room near the door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up stairs and then go past the table and chairs and go left. Walk straight until you get near the fireplace. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go right through the room to the hallway.  When you get to the stairs on the right go up the stairs, turn right at the landing and go up the stairs again. At the next landing stop.  Do not go up the next set of stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk through the room and out the open door into the hallway. Walk down the hall to the staircase and walk up the first half and turn the corner up to the remaining flight of stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk in the opposite direction of the microwave.  Turn right, and go up the stairs.  Stop on the platform right before the top of the stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk down the stairs and turn right. Stop in front of the pair of tables. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs. Turn right and wait by the round coffee tables. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around go down the stairs.  When you're down the stairs, turn slightly right and head into the living room.  Stop there and wait. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go straight into the room. Wait near the bed. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom at the end of the hall. Stop before the rug under the bed. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the bathroom and turn right.  Keep going straight and enter the big bedroom at the end of the hallway.  Stop just before stepping into this bedroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up the stairs and into the open room. Continue to the table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go to the top of the staircase to the marble counter top. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up stairs. Walk past dining table. Wait at white porcelain pitcher. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn right and walk down the hallway until you reach the wall. Turn right and walk straight ahead. Near the end of the hallway turn right and go into the bathroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 go down stairs and turn left in hall, go straight down hall turn right at bathroom. Stop inside bathroom door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the stairs and turn left. Pass the top of the stairs and turn right on the third door on your right. Wait by the bathroom sinks. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs, and go left until you reach the kitchen. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stair, at the end of the stair turn left then go straight to the kitchen. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around and walk down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn left and walk towards the kitchen area. Stop in the middle of the kitchen. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 walk up the stairs, turn right, walk up the rest of the stairs, turn left thorough doorway, stop in doorway on your right in bathroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up stairs.  When you reach hallway, turn left.  Enter the bathroom via the first door on the right.  Wait by sink. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Follow the stairs till next floor. Turn left and go forward till bathroom. Enter bathroom and stop. Wait there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go to the right and up the stairway past the landing and up the second set of stairs.  Wait at the second landing. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 go up stairs,  stop at second landing. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the room and go up the first set of stairs. Go up the second set and stop on the second landing. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk through the empty room and continue out of the open door and into the hallway. Walk past the staircase into the next room. Walk passed the closet doors and into the kitchen area. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 exit room, turn right, stop by microwave. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn to the left and go through the doorway.  Walk past the steps and straight ahead.  You'll be in a kitchen.  Wait by the refrigerator, just in front of the microwave. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the room. Go up the stairs to the second landing. Stop on the second landing. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk through the room and up the stairs in the hallway.  Stop on the landing that is three steps from the very top of the stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the room and go up the stairs. Stop on the stairs in the corner where you can see the chair through the doorway. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn left, go down the hallway and enter the bedroom just past the stairs. Wait just inside the doorway near the bed. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go straight down the hallway, and walk into the the right room just past the foot of the stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go straight down the hallway towards the stairs. Past the stairs and enter the door on the right into the bedroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 After you pass the table and chairs turn left and head straight until you get about ten feet from the fireplace. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around and walk straight across the kitchen all the way to the next room. Stop at the end of the table facing the door and the fireplace. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk past the dining room table and turn left. Turn left and walk past the table into the kitchen. Stop behind the chairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go into the hall and up the stairs. Wait in the doorway to the kitchen and dining area. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk out of the room and up the stairs. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the room through the door on the left, then turn left towards the staircase. Walk all the way up the stairs. Enter the room at the top of the stairs, then stop there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk towards the house exit door. Turn left and walk towards the kitchen area. Wait by the window with a black vase. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs, past the dining set on the left. turn left after the dining set, stop when you reach your first set of counters on both sides. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs and turn left towards the round table and chairs. Stand in between the two granite counters and stop there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the room then turn left. Go straight until you get to the room. Turn right and wait in the bathroom near the first sink. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit the bedroom and go left in the hallway.  Go past the stairs and turn right into the bathroom.  Stop in front of the first sink and mirror. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the room and walk past the staircase to your left. Walk down the hallway wand into the bathroom on your right. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk all the way up the staircase and walk towards the bathroom which is right in front, and stop there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up all the stairs to the top.  Go into the bathroom at the top and stop when you step inside. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Climb the staircase. Turn right to enter the bathroom, then stop there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go upstairs and wait in the kitchen near the window. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs. When you get to the top go into the room. Pass the table and chairs then turn left and wait by the window with the black vase. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 walk up the stairs, turn right, walk up the stairs, turn right, walk to the top of the stairs, walk to the left of the table and stop at the corner of the counter on your left. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around and go up the stairs. When you reach the top of the stairs, enter the doorway and head towards the round table. Walk towards the black door on the other side of the table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs walk across dining room to entry way, stop at black entry way door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up all the stairs and at the top you will reach a table and chairs.  Walk straight towards the front door and stop on the mat next to the white flowers. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the steps and turn left. Walk down the steps and turn left. Stop in front of the doors. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Take a few steps and stop in front of two closed white doors. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs, turn left at the landing, stop in the dining room and wait near first door on the left. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the stairs. Continue forward and stop in front of the door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the stairs and straight to the black door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs and past the table and chairs. Stop in front of the front door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Ascend stairs, make a right, and head toward the living area, and wait. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Going up the flight of stairs each landing take a right to continue with stairs. Through doorway go passed the dining room table on the right and the banister to the left stopping just before the coffee tables. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs. Turn right and go past the stairs. Wait near the chairs and couches. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the kitchen and walk towards, and up the stairs. Go all the way up the stairs and stop in the dining room right next to the door at the top of the stairs. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk to the stairs and walk up them. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk towards the stairs, and go up to thtird landing and wait there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 walk down the stairs, turn left, and walk down rest of the stairs, walk straight and stop in front of black door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn and go down the stairs to the bottom. At the bottom, walk straight ahead into the foyer area with the black door leading outside. Stop facing the black door with a small table to your right. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go down the stairs all the way to the ground.  Continue forward, into the entryway of the house.  Stop just over the line onto the grey tile. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go towards the dinking table then through the kitchen  Pass the kitchen towards the fireplace.  Stop near the back of the couch, and face the fireplace and back door to the right. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down hall through the kitchen. Stop at the of hall in front of the door to the outside deck. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around and walk to your right past the kitchen towards the doors that lead outside. Stand behind the white chairs in the living area. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Head down the stairs. At the bottom turn left. Move down the hallway and enter the first room on your right. Wait there. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk down the stairs taking a left, and keep going down. At the bottom of the stairs take a left in the hall and take a right into the bathroom that is the first door on your right and stop just inside the doorway. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn around 180 degrees.  Move forward, take a left to go down the stairs.  At the bottom of the stairs, go left, then make a right turn into the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk towards the dining table, walk to the right of the dishwasher and continue straight.  Stop with two chairs on your left. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk between the sofa and the tables, turn left and through to the kitchen passed the kitchen table and to the end of the room near the french doors. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go around the living room, and turn left towards the stairwell and foyer going straight ahead. Continue towards the door leading outside, stopping near the dining table and fireplace. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk out of the bathroom. Turn left. Walk past the staircase. take a right at the next doorway. Wait by the sink. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Exit bathroom, turn left, at hallway on right turn right, turn left into bathroom. Stop at sink. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Take a left out of the bathroom. Take your second left and enter another bathroom. Wait in the doorway of the bathroom. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 With the silver refrigerator on your right, walk straight until you get to the stairs.  Go up the stairs and stop once you reach the very top. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk forward, and turn right towards the stairs. Walk all the way up the staircase to the top. Stop at the top of the stairs next to a white door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Leave the kitchen area and turn right. When you reach the stairs go up them unitl you can't go higher. Go through the doorway and stop there and wait. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs then go past the table and chairs. Turn left and wait near the window with the vase. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Turn left and walk up the stairs to the top.   Enter the kitchen and wait by the counter top. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk towards the stairs. Go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs walk between the counter and the table. Make a left at the end of the counter and stop. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk forward towards the stove and take a left. walk straight and take a right at the end of the counter into the dining room. In the dining room walk past the table on the right, and take a left into the entry way. In the entryway stop just in front of the door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk toward the oven, turn left, then turn right. Turn left at the dining table and walk toward the door. Stop at the small table by the door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk toward the stove then take a left to walk out of the kitchen go past the dining table.  Go to the entryway and wait in front of the door. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Walk up the stairs into the great room and wait near the dining table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs. Wait near the table. 
WYY7iVyf5p8 Go up the stairs all the way, then stop just inside of the doorway while you face the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right, walk across the hallway past the tables into the northernmost doorway and wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk down the hallway past the couch on the right and the table on the right . Walk through the door way and stop beside the shelf. 
q9vSo1VnCiC go through entrance on the right. walk though lounge. go through wooden double doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the hallway and turn right at the painting and walk into the living room area ahead.Turn right and along the h past the sofas and lounge area into the hallway. Walk down the hall towards the shelf at the end with a vase on it. 
q9vSo1VnCiC take a right out of the bathroom and another right in the room with the chairs. Walk to the small hall and stop in front of the flower vase. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the bathroom and take a right. In the hall take a right and go down the hall. Stop at the end of the hall in front of the brown shelf. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the right of the dining room table and chairs. Stop on the other side of the dining room table and chairs. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go to the stairs of the pool then turn left and stand between the glass doors and the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and walk around the table to the other side. Stop near the sliding patio door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and enter the building through the sliding glass door. Make a slight right, crossing the room, and enter the bathroom. Stand by the divider wall between the sinks and the bathtub and wait. 
q9vSo1VnCiC go through the glass doors into the bedroom.turn right and walk past the chair into the bathroom and stand by the sink closest to the bathtub. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go inside through the door next to the round table with two chars. Walk into the bathroom to the right of the bed. Stand in the doorway leading to the room with the bathtub. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk past the bed and stop in the doorway to the outside. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit closet, turn right, and walk outside to the balcony.  Stop outside the door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the closet, immediately turn right, then through the bedroom to the sliding glass door. Wait there in the exterior doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway to your left and then turn right to enter the bedroom. Walk across the bedroom and out the door to go outside. Stop right outside the door when you reach the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway into a bedroom with a floral bed spread and continue outside. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go through the brown double doors on the left, take a right and go through the archway, go through the bedroom and take a step on the patio and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Pass the bench and turn left into the house. Go straight into the hallway. Wait there by the clear vase with the pink flowers on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go straight passed the table and turn left. Go down the hall and straight and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward away from the bedroom. Enter the house through the living room on the left. Walk forward into the entryway, and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and go through the doorway right in front of you.  Proceed straight down the hall and stop just inside the doorway at the end, facing a shelf with a vase full of flowers on top. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go through archway into dining area. Go through double doors at the end of the room. Stop just inside the double doors, facing a vase on a shelf. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and walk past both the living and dining areas on your right. Enter the small area through the open double doors ahead of you.  Wait under the light fixture. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the closet, make a right into the bedroom and then go through the sliding glass doorway leading outside and stop near the white table,. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk through the bedroom and stop by the table and chairs. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway towards the white and green chair, and take a right. Walk through the room with the white chair with the red blanket on it, and through the double doors that lead outside. Once outside, stop behind the two chairs and table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the bathroom and bedroom. In the hall stop halfway between the two bedroom doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bathroom, then walk forward around the bed and exit the bedroom into the hallway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the bedroom and walk counter clockwise around the bed.  Go through the doorway on the right side of the bed.  Stop after stepping into the hall. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the left past the bed to the next room.  Turn left and then walk around the corner to the right. Stand at the edge of the kitchen. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room using the door on the left. Turn right and go into the room next door on the right. Wait near the fridge. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the left of the bed and through the hallway and turn right. Stop in the entryway across from the double doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go in the patio doors. Walk past the chair in to the bathroom. Wait by the sink. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right and go inside. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the tub. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Heading inside towards the bed, stay to the left of the bed passing the chair with an ottoman also on the left. Turn towards the left to passed through doorway with sliding doors. Head to the sink on the left side stopping at the white rug. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right into the hallway and cross over into the bedroom. Stop and wait in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk across the bedroom and turn right past the TV to exit. Once out, walk across and stop in the next doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom toward the inside of the house, go through the doorway and straight on into the next doorway and then stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC With you back facing the doors to the outside, move forward past the furniture and turn left towards the hallway with the hallway with the light switches on the left wall. Stop at the end of the hall. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go between the table and the couch. When you pass a chair on the left side, turn left and go through the doorway and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward passing the living room and taking a left at the wall. Go forward, and enter the bedroom on the right. Stop once you enter the room. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the kitchen and take a left. Take the next let and enter the bedroom. Stop next to the chair at the desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the kitchen and go left through the opening, then take another left through the door opening. Then take the opening to your right and head towards the sliding glass doors. Stop when you reach the foot of the bed to your left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Please take your immediate left as you leave the kitchen and enter the bedroom with the floral blanket draped across the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the round wooden dining table. Enter the room next to it and stop just inside. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Pass the patio table and chairs. Go pass a patio couch and after you pass a round patio table with two chairs. Turn right and go inside. Wait near the lamp. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Standing on the patio, turn from the pool and walk behind the outdoor table and chairs.  Continue walking the length of the patio, walking in front of the outdoor bench, then behind the round outdoor table and chairs.  Then go through the sliding glass door into the room and stop at the foot of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit bedroom to door on the right. Take a sharp right and enter the living area. Walk forward toward the dining table. Exit through the second door on the left. Wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom and go down the hall. Walk past the dining table and wait in the doorway on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go through the door into the hallway. Turn right and walk all the way to the last room on the left and stop in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the bedroom and out in the dining room area. Stand by the patio doors next to dining room table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out the door to your right to go outside. Once outside, go through the doorway on the left. Walk to the left of the wood table and walk alongside it and stop once you reach the middle. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the foot of the bed and outside to the deck.  Walk left of the ceiling fan and walk along the walkway.  When you get to a dining table and chairs, stand behind the middle chair on the side of the table closest to the building. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go through the archway to the left of the brown double doors, take a right, go straight through the way and stop in the intersection with the cloth thing on the ceiling and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the kitchen through the door to the left.  Turn right and walk up one step and stop in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and walk straight through the living room, and through the doorway and stop in front of the vase with flowers. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk outside past the dining room table and turn left. Walk past the end table and stop behind the chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the tiled room out through the open sliding glass door to the outside patio. Turn left at the table and walk past the wicker basket with towels inside towards the round wooden patio table ahead. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go out of the house onto the patio. Take a left and go straight. Stop next to the first chair at the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the pool area and go inside the main door to the living room. Walk between the two tables straight to the doorway across the room. Wait inside the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go to the glass doors
Go to the dining table
Go to the lamp
Go forward two metres
Go to the vase. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway with glass doors. Walk across the room past and enter the hallway that has a painting to the left and right. Wait in middle of the hallway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC At the exit of the bedroom, go straight across the hall into another bedroom. Go around the bed on your right and just past the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk away from the bedroom and through the doorway straight ahead into another bedroom with a floral comforter. Continue walking around the bed, pass the sitting chair on your left, pass the bathroom and stop in front of the small green chair in the small nook. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go straight across through the other doorway.  Walk around to the other side of the bed and stand in front of the desk in the alcove to the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go to the left, past the outdoor table and into the house.  Walk through the doorway and on into the dining room.  Turn right and go through a doorway.  You'll be in a hallway and see a small entryway with a small window.  Wait right there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the patio table and into the living room and walk past the dining room table and take a right away from the double wood doors into the entryway and stop in the doorway before you get to the door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the building through the door behind the patio table. Go past the dining table and wait in the doorway on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn to the right and walk a step, turn to the right again.  Walk past the table and the couch.  Continue walking up a step and into the hallway.  Wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn to your right, facing the white chair next to the glass lamp in the living room. Stop at the golden door handle and turn right. Move straight until you reach the table and chair set to your right, then angle slightly left, moving. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Move past the long table on the left and enter the doorway on the right. Move forward past the two tables and turn as you move past the chair on the left. Enter the doorway past the chair and stop after a few feet. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and pass the bathroom. Turn left at the sink and exit the bedroom to the right and stop near the lamps. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go straight and then turn left to exit the bathroom. Turn right and exit the room. Wait in the hallway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the shower and past the tub and turn left. Walk through the entryway and turn right. Stop in the entryway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go to the right and go passed the table. Enter the entryway on the left and follow the wall. Go passed the table and through the entry at the end of the hall and stop near the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Veer left to walk around the exterior table, then turn left and walk along the building. Pass the sliding glass doors of the great room and then wait by the round table on the exterior. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right and walk past the patio.  Then walk past the dining table and enter the next outdoor area. Stop near the chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the bedroom into the hallway. Turn right and wait in the kitchen doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the bedroom then exit from the door on the left, through the double doors and through the opening on the immediate right. Enter the kitchen from there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the left of the bed and through the doorway. Turn right and walk into the hallway. Stop in the entryway across from the double doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn to your right and go through the doorway that leads to the bedroom. Go past the desk and wait at the entrance to the outdoor living area. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom straight ahead. Walk past the bed and onto the patio. Stop in the doorway to the patio. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk inside and walk through the door on the right side of the bed. Wait in the hall outside the door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and exit the bedroom. Turn left and walk through the doorway. Turn right and wait by the doorway on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the left of the bed and through the doorway on the left. Stop just inside the entryway on the right and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the bedroom through the door on the left. Enter the small hall on the right. Stop before you reach the closet door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Head through the entryway, walk past the dining room/ living room, go outside through the double doors, and wait on the patio. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight until you are outside, passing by the dining table and couch. Once outside, stop behind the chair on the left that faces the pool. 
q9vSo1VnCiC With the bathroom to your right, walk straight through the sitting area and onto the patio.  Stop on the patio behind the chair on the left facing the pool. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk straight then turn left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the living room and turn left. Walk to the double doors and stop in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk towards the white dining room set, and walk towards the door with the glass vase and flowers in the hallway. Stop right as you are walking through those doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway. Go past two beds. Turn right at the wall and walk towards the door. Stop before you reach the door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the house to the other side of the bedroom and take a right. Stop beside the double doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit outdoor shower and enter bedroom. Walk straight and pass bed. Turn right and and walk forward down hall. Stop at closet doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway and turn left. After the door turn right. Turn right at the double doors and stop in the entryway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the bedroom into the hallway and make a left.  Go through the first open doorway on your right.  Then, from that hallway, go again through your first open doorway on the right.  That will take you to a kitchen area.  Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom through the open doorway, and turn left.  Walk into the first door on the right.  Stay right and enter the kitchen through the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn  right  and exit the room. Turn left and walk along the hallway. Turn left on the first doorway to you left. Wait by the entrance to the restroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom and take a left into the living room. Make your first left and wait in the hallway in front of the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the living room, turn left and enter the hallway near the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go inside and exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Walk straight until you get to a mirror that is between two lamps and wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the bathroom and walk past the tub and shower. Go past the sinks and enter the bedroom. Enter the doorway to the right of the bed and stop in front of the desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit outdoor bathing area,  make a left and exit room, then make a right and enter vanity room and wait. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past storage bench. Walk through open french doors. Walk past dining room table. Make right opposite wood end table. Wait at lilies. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk by left side of bed and exit room, turn left and go through doors, go through first door on right and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. In the dining room. T]]zake the second right and stop outside of the main entrance and a bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go straight then go left turn right in the next entrance and wait by the beds. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Take the left hallway and take a right at the flower vase.  Wait inside the bedroom with two beds. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit living room to hallway and turn right to bedroom. Stop at bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the table towards the bench with the white cushions. Go through the doorway, turn right and head inside. Walk up to the dresser on the left side of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and walk along the tables and chairs to the end of the area. Turn right and enter the bedroom. Enter the doorway left of the bed and wait by the green chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk along the patio with the pool on your left. Enter the bedroom through the last door on the right. Walk to the left side of the bed and take a left into the closet. Stop in the doorway to the closet. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Head into the room in front of you. Continue walking straight and then go into the hallway on your right. Head to the bathroom and wait inside the door frame. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room, walk through the dining room to the second doorway on the right, turn right, walk to the grey door, turn left, wait at the doorway to the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward into the dining room and walk straight ahead. In the dining room take your second right and enter the foyer. Take a left into the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the kitchen and turn left. Go through the doorway and enter the next room. Turn right and walk toward the next doorway to your right. Go through the doorway and stop inside the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight to exit the kitchen. Turn left then turn right to go into the hallway. Turn left to go into the bathroom. Wait near the first sink. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the kitchen and go left. Go right, then take the first right into the entryway. Enter the bathroom on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the living/dining area and make a right to go down the porch beside the pool. Make a right at the end of the porch and wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk across the patio past the white chairs then make a right and walk into the bedroom and wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight across the patio towards the round table. Go into the patio door off the bedroom on the right. stop at the foot of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Move to the end of the bed and turn left. Exit the bedroom through the open door and wait outside the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk away from small desk towards chair, turn left to walk past foot of the bed, turn left at the desk and walk through doorway straight ahead and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom and go to the other side of the bed and turn left.  Exit out the door to the right side of the bed and stop once you exit. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and go through the hall then take a right at the painting. Then take a left and stop in the bathroom door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Could you walk over to the bathroom that is across from the botanical print on the wall near the back door?. 
q9vSo1VnCiC pass through double doors, turn right, stop next to safe door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the open door into the hallway. Turn the corner and walk into the open room ahead with arm chairs and a dining table. Walk into the hall past the couch area. Stop near the bathroom doorway in the hall. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out the open door and turn left. Turn left again at the next doorway. Stand near the sink. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the entryway on the left and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk from the right side of the bed to the left side of the bed. Stop at the bottom left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk around the bed. Stand next to the green chair and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk around the bed until you are standing at the corner of the bottom of the bed.  You will be between the bottom corner of the bed and the desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC From balcony walk through bedroom into hall, down hall into bedroom. Wait at bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the bed and through the door on the right. Walk across the hall into the bedroom and stop in front of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go out the door on the right side of the bed and walk through the door directly ahead of it in the hallway.  Keep going straight until you enter a room with two beds.  Stop just after entering this last bedroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward down the hall, passing the open bathroom door on your right. Walk forward under the arch and turn right. While keeping the furniture on your left, walk forward through the hall. Continue walking forward until you are in front of the door on the right. Turn right through the open door and down the hall and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait when you're next to the first bed you come to. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight ahead and turn right, walking past the armchair on the left. Walk straight and turn right through the doorway. Wait near the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the foyer, turn right, walk down the hallway, turn right, enter the bedroom, wait at the foot of the bed on the right side. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk straight until you reach the door of the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Pass the dining table and into the entry hall. Wait near the artwork. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Move forward and wait after just entering the next room. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk left of the ceiling fan and all the way down to the ceiling fan on the other end of the walkway in front of the pool.  Walk inside and stop in front of the chest at the foot of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go through the arch way and walk the length of the lanai past the table through the second archway. Turn right into the bedroom and stop at the foot of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and pass the large table with the chairs. Continue straight until you get to a round table with chairs. Turn right and go indoors. Wait near the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Head down the hallway and turn left.  Turn right and go past the television sitting area.  Turn right toward the bedroom and stop in front of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk down the hallway to the left of the TV, exit the room, turn left and walk past the couch and chairs and walk down the hall on the left, stop in the doorway on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom and turn left. Walk into the living room area and turn left.  Stop at the door of the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk straight across the room and turn left at the double doors. Stop in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC After exiting the bedroom, turn ninety degrees to the left and enter the second passageway on your left. Continue forward and then turn right into the entrance of a kitchen area. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go into the near intersection and make a left, go straight and then make a left into the archway to the left of the brown double doors, go straight a couple of steps and make a right into the archway and then stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go through the doorway and turn right.  Walk to the foot of the bed and go out on the porch.  Walk past the table and chairs and stop when you reach the table with the towels on it. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight out of the closet and turn right into the bedroom. Walk between the bed and the lounge chair and out the double glass doors. Turn right and walk onto the patio and past the patio table. Pause in the archway next to the stand holding rolled up towels. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the closet, walk through the bedroom and wait outside on the patio. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the bedroom onto the patio and to the left of the table and chairs. Walk past the love-seat and past the outdoor dining room table and chairs. Walk past the wicker basket on the table. Stop by the chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the building, walk through the patio, wait at the brown table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out onto the patio area through the open sliding door. Walk to the left past the table with chairs through the concrete entry door into the pool area. Walk along the pool towards the table with arm chairs. Walk into the open sliding door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC With the pool to your right, move forward for the width of twelve tiles. Then turn ninety degrees to the left and enter the building through the sliding glass doors. Go between the back of the couch and the dining table, then move forward though an opening. Just before reaching the black door ahead, turn left and stand in the doorway of the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk toward the white love seat and turn right. Turn left at the wooden table and chairs and past the end table. Walk into the hallway and stop in the bathroom doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Move a slight right and walk through the breezeway towards the table. Turn left and enter the house through the open doors. Walk between the couch and the dining table. Exit the room through the doorway between the two paintings. Wait in front of the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit bathroom to bedroom, walk to small desk with two lamps and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bathroom using the door on the left. Turn right and go out of the bedroom. Wait in the hallway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go out the doorway across from the sinks. Turn right and stop in front of the closet and table with lamps. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go left out the toilet room and then go right out of the bathroom.  Go right into the living room, and then go left toward the double doors.  Go left into the next room and stop there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bathroom to the sink area then go out the door to your right. After this make a U turn and enter the room to the left then wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room with the toilet. Travel to the sink ahead. Turn right and go through the doorway. Find the painting above the vase and go East of that and through the door. Go to the painting on the nearest wall. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk around the bed and into the bathroom. Stop by the tub. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Cross the room and wait in the en suite bathroom, next to the sinks. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom passing a side table with lamp. Walk around the bed and continue into the bathroom area on the other side of the room. Stop near the sink area. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk indoors and leave the bathroom through the door on the left into the bedroom. In the bedroom exit onto the patio. Walk through the doorway that separates the two parts of the patio. Stop here in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk inside through shower room. exit shower room into bedroom. Walk left across bedroom through glass doors on to patio. Turn right at table and stop next to table with towels on it. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and enter the door into the bathroom. Keep walking past the tub and the sinks and exit the door to the left.  Once in the bedroom turn to the left and walk out the door going outside. Once outside, turn right and walk to the doorway and stop facing the pool and the large table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the left of the bed and into the the hallway. Turn left and walk through the double doors. Step into the hallway on the right and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the building and walk straight ahead toward the doorway to the left of the bed.  Go left out the double doors then walk toward the couch.  Turn right at the first hallway and stop before you reach the picture of the leaves on the wall. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the bedroom and into the hallway. Go past the dining table and stop in the entryway on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the table and make a left then walk straight back and go into the room on the left. Wait inside the bedroom by the desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the open doorway on the left. Enter the door on the left of the hallway and continue to the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past console table. Make left after clear lamp. Walk past wall art. Walk through open door on left. Wait at desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room and walk toward the table and chairs. Pass the table and chairs and go out to the patio using the large glass doors. Wait near the table and chairs outside. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the dining room and past the dining room table and chairs. Stop by the outside dining room table and chairs and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway toward the table and white chairs in front of the large windows.  Walking just to the right of the table, keep walking towards the opening to the table located outside.  Walk through the doors and stop just behind the first chair on this side of the table from the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the bedroom through the glass doors. Enter the hallway and wait in front of the double doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go around brown table to the left of it and inside the house, go through the archway and take a step in, then stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the building through the sliding doors behind the table. Veer left and walk past the bed and nightstand. Then wait by the bedroom doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk across patio to open sliding glass door, and enter house.Walk right across bedroom into bathroom. Stop between sink and bathtub. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the table into an area with a fan and table and into the house.  Stop at the doorway to a bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight with the pool on your right and the table on your left, once you pass the table walk slightly left through the doorway towards a small table. Turn left and walk through the doorway inside. Walk to the right side of the bed passing the chair and enter the bathroom on the right. Stop in front of the sink on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go into the dining room and turn left. Go towards the vase with the plant. Go into the bedroom and go to the foot of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Continue forward and turn left. Go through the door on the left. Then turn right and stop near the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the open common room and turn left. Go through the double doors. Enter the bedroom. Stop between the bed and the olive desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Walk around the room to the other side of the bed. Once on the other side, look to the left of the bed and enter the small area and stop facing the table with lamps and a mirror. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom, past the desk and around the bed. Continue around to the other side of the bed and past the nightstand. Wait in the doorway near the vanity table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and enter the bedroom. Walk to the other side of the bed and stop in the door way of the small area with a table and chair and 2 lamps. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk onto the patio, and take a left. Walk straight. Enter the house on the left. Walk in the forward and enter the bathroom. Stop before you reach the glass partition to the shower. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk outside and turn left and go into the next bedroom. Then go into the bathroom and stop next to the right sink. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit through the sliding glass doors, turn left, Then enter the bedroom through the sliding glass doors, veer right pass the chair and enter the bathroom. Wait by the glass partition. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the bathroom and take a right. At the end of the hall take another left into the bedroom. Stop between the bed and the desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward slightly and turn right to exit the room. Once out turn right and go to the end of the hallway. Walk into the last bedroom on your left. Once in stop once you reach the end of the bed with the desk to your left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bathroom, and turn right. Enter the living area, and turn right again. Go forward. Enter small corridor. Turn into the door on the left. Go toward the bed. Wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and walk across the room, stop in front  of the third door on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go through the doorway.  Move forward through the next room and the doorway on the far side.  Turn to the right and stop in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and walk past the table, and the living room.  Go down the hallway and turn to the right.  Stop before you enter the room. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and walk down the hall. Enter the kitchen across the way and pass the lamp. Stop in front of the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom past the double doors. Walk into the room in front of you, past the flower vase. Enter the bedroom and stop between the desk and the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right and walk through the door down the hall. Continue to the door and then cross the floor and enter the door in front of you. Enter the bedroom and stop even with the desk and center yourself between desk and bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk out of the hallway and turn left. Walk through the double doors and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room. Turn right. Turn left.Go straight and enter the double doors. Wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right to exit the room. Once out, turn left and and walk straight forward through the double wood doors. Stop inside the doors facing the 2 shelves. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward through the doorway. Turn left. Turn left again and walk through the doorway. Turn right. Wait at the kitchen entry way. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway and turn hard left. Walk through the leftmost doorway. Wait by the thermostat on the wall. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk forward then turn left, walk forward again and turn left then turn left again to enter the door heading to kitchen. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the kitchen. Walk through the door on the left. Turn right, then turn right again and stop by the shelf with the vase. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the kitchen through the doorway in front and continue moving left. Upon entering the next room, move right and then immediately move right again, stopping just through the next entryway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the kitchen past the stove and microwave. Walk down the hall into the dining table. Walk into the hallway to the right near the dining table and towards the bathroom on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go straight until you get to a large room. Turn right and then turn right into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward and then turn right when the rooms open up. Walk forward and then enter the door on the end and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk toward leaving area, turn right and wait by the door on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through living room and turn left. Walk into foyer and wait by door on right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk away from the pool, past the dining table and into the seating area/lobby and go left towards some rooms, and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the living room and take a left at the wall. Go down the hall and take a right and stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the second lamp in front of you. Walk directly to the open door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the porch and walk between the couch and dining table, then make a slight right. Wait in the doorway of the hall leading to the kitchen. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk in between the table and couch, entering the room to the immediate left of the brown door. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out the door straight ahead. Once out turn right and walk into the room straight ahead. Once in the room, turn left and then enter the door to your left. Once you enter that door, enter the last door on the right and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bathroom through the open doorway with the wooden door and brass handle. Proceed forward and to your left. Enter the living room in front of you.  While turning right, go through the first open doorway on the right..Keep going forward until you see an open doorway on your left. Turn left and enter that room, Walk through that room then stand still in that next doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit room and take the first doorway on the left.  Wait in from of the kitchen. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the dining room table and chairs and outside. Turn right and stop by the white chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk in the direction of the patio and exit. Walk along the right side. Stop before you pass the table on the right of the door to the bedroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Head outdoors through the sliding glass doors just past the table. Turn right and wait near the round table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and walk across the living room. Turn into the last doorway on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Go straight, and take the last left before the double doors. Stop in the doorway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left. Wait in the entryway on the left, across from the table and chairs that are on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room and turn left then head straight until you get to the end of the hallway then turn right and wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go the hallway and turn left through the double doors.  Head straight past the furniture and television. 
q9vSo1VnCiC go forward to the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk towards bed, turn right and left again to walk in front of foot of the bed,continue slight right at the lamp to walk between chair and bed, stop in front of small desk to the left of the nightstand. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk past the foot of the bed and wait at the dressing room door on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the opposite side of bed.  Wait by lamp. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn approximately 90 degrees toward the left. Walk through the common area room. Walk through the doorway. Wait by the bathroom door on the left side. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go inside and go between the white couch and dining table. Go through the doorway with a painting on both sides. Once through the doorway, go into the bathroom. The bathroom in the first door on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the building and past the table and chairs. Walk across the hall and stop in the doorway of the bathroom on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom and out of the room into the hall. In the hall take a right and stop across the tan tile. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk around the bed to the other side of the room and take a right when exiting the door. stop in the room outside the hall behind the chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk towards the bed. Turn left and exit the bedroom by the northernmost door on the left. Turn right and wait by the first painting on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go into the hall to the right of the TV. Then turn through the left doorway. Go and stop in the doorway leading outside. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight and then turn left. Go past the bed and then go out side using the glass doors. Wait near the round table with the chairs. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk away from the table heading toward the sitting area. Go into the hall, and take the left into the bedroom. Exit the room, and go to the patio. Stop in the doorway to the patio. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk across bath tub. Turn left at sinks and enter bedroom. Walk through double doors on the the left  Once outside turn right and stop next to table with towels. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go toward the sink, and turn left out of the bathroom. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bathroom and go past the bed and out to the patio though the glass sliding doors. Wait near the basket with towels. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and go through the doorway near the table. Stop next to the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and go toward the double doors. Go through the double doors, turn right and enter the bedroom. Wait next to the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC While facing the sitting area turn left.  Walk towards the open double open doors. Exit the through the double doors and turn right. Walk towards the foot of the bed and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight out the door you are facing. Go straight ahead and cross the room and out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn right and walk to the end of the white loveseat. Stop at the end of the loveseat facing the wooden table and chairs. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the right of the table and chairs and walk outside. Wait next to the chair on the right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk straight through living room through large doors outside. At patio table turn right and stand on other side of white chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom and exit into the hallway. In the hallway walk into the office room the hall. Stop in the doorway to the room. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward into the bedroom. Continue forward past the two beds, then turn right. Walk forward and exit the room. Wait in the doorway of the next room ahead. 
q9vSo1VnCiC To cross the bedroom and take right. then enter in to other room. Near flower wash on table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn left and walk in front of the bed. Turn left and walk out the door to go outside. Once outside turn left and walk through the small entry way. Stop when you reach the long wood table beside the pool. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Pass the bed and go outside using the double glass sliding doors then turn left and wait by the large patio table and chairs. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the room to the patio area outside and then go through the archway on the left. Go through and walk towards the table and wait once you get to the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Stand so the table with the mirror is behind you and walk straight into the room ahead of you.  Walk around the bed and outside through the doorway through the foot.  Walk left along the patio until you reach the first chair of the dining table in front of the pool and then stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right and exit the room. Once in the next room, turn to the left and walk out the door to go outside. Once outside, turn left and walk through the doorway. On the other side stop right before you reach the long wood table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk towards tall lamp and continue forward toward table. Go through the doorway on the left and wait. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the doorway and turn left to enter the double doors. Follow the hallway and stop at the end of the path. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room. Turn left.Go through the double doors. Go past the table and chairs and the couches on the left. Wait near the glass vase with the pink flowers in the hallway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the doorway in front of you, slightly to your right.  Makeake a left once you clear the doorway. Walk f forward, walking past the seating area to your right and through another doorway. Stop at the end of the hallway, there should be doors for other rooms on either side of you. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the open door into the living room ahead with tiled floor. immidiately turn the corner to the left after entering the room. Follow along the wall into the bedroom in through the open double wooden doors ahead. Walk through the bedroom and through the door to the outdoor patio. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk away from metal door through doorway and turn left, continue straight through the doorway to a bedroom, turn right walk past the bed and exit the glass door and stop. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out of the foyer and take a left. Go forward into the hallway near the bedroom. Take a right into the bedroom, and go out onto the patio. Stop behind the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk around bed to chair at desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk across the room and wait outside the closet. 
q9vSo1VnCiC walk around the bed toward the vanity area, and wait. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom, turn left after the bed. Enter the bathroom and turn right. Wait in the doorway to the exterior shower. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the bedroom and walk counter clockwise around the bed into the bathroom on the other side.  Turn right in the bathroom and walk until you pass the tub.  Stop in the doorway outside at the end of the tub. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk into the bedroom. Enter the bathroom on the far side of the bed. Take a right into the bathing area. Stop once you pass the doorway to the outdoor shower. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward into the dining room and turn left.  Walk in the entryway and wait by the doors. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk down the hall into the dining room, then turn left. Walk straight through  and stop in the short hallway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go straight and then turn left and go straight past the double doors. Wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right and walk along side the edge of the pool. Stop once you reach the end of the wood table to your right. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk toward the pool then turn right. Go straight until you get to the stairs that you can use to go into the pool. Wait there. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk towards the pool, and turn right passing the entire table and chairs on the right. Stop at the end of the table next to the last single chair around the table. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go into the bedroom next to the round outdoor table. Go stand by the green chair and vanity mirror in the back of thew room. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go straight and then turn right. Go into the house using the large glass doors. Head straight and slightly left and go into the office on the left. Wait by the lime green chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn around and walk towards the basket of towels. Turn right and enter the house. Once inside, walk to the left of the bed and stop once you reach the small desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk down the tiled hallway through the open door ahead. Walk into the next hall and turn the corner into a living room area. Pass the couch area dining room table and turn into the hallway around the corner and stop near the closed double doors in it. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk forward through the door straight ahead.Turn left and walk behind the white sofa. Continue straight until you reach the door in front of you. Then turn left and go through the second entryway on the left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit in to the hallway, turn left at the shelf and continue into the kitchen. Pass the dining room table and then turn left and stop in the entryway. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Enter the room and turn right then head straight until you get to an opening on the left enter that door and wait by the desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Turn right and keep walking. Pass the picture frame that is on the wall on your right. Walk inside the corridor. Turn left and enter a bedroom. Stand next to the bed near the small table and chair. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Go to the dining table. Go to the lamp table. Go to the thermostat. Go to the flower vase. Go to the bed. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk to the other side of the bed and enter the bathroom. Once in turn left and stop right before you reach the bathtub. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Looking in the direction of the bed, there's an opening into the bathroom. Go into the bathroom and turn left, stopping at the entrance to the bathing and showing area. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk through the bedroom past the desk and bed. walk around to the other side of the bed and past the armchair into the bathroom. Walk towards the sink counter area. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Walk out the doorway straight ahead. The cross over and enter the next doorway straight ahead. Enter the bedroom and stop once you are at the foot of the bed with the desk to your left. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the room and enter the room straight across the hall. Wait next to desk. 
q9vSo1VnCiC Exit the bedroom and walk straight across the hall and through the door into the next bedroom. Enter the bedroom and wait between the desk and the foot of the bed. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk into the circular room with the large blue object on the ceiling. Stop in the doorway to the left of the blue sofa on the wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the locker area into the lobby. Walk through the lobby and wait in the doorway next to the seating area. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left at the locker and move forward. Walk past the blue ceiling fixture and towards the round desks with the lemonade.  Stop on the grey tiles. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight then turn left. Exit the room. Turn left and go straight past the red curtain. Turn right.Wait at the entrance of that room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the bath area and head for the left door. Go through the open wooden door  and make a left though the curtain. Go to the door on your right and wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go through the doorway on the left and walk down the hall until you see red and gold curtains in another doorway on the left. Go through the doorway with curtains and stop in front of the window. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk toward the double doors. Walk through the double doors and past the filing cabinet. Stop by the wooden chair. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 walk straight exiting the door then stop at the front of the wooden table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the middle of the room through the door with the clock over it.  Walk into the small office room and stop in the center of it, just before reaching the desk. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the plates on the wall and the cushioned bench to the doorway at the end of the hall. Walk into the circular room and stop near the round table with two pitchers on it. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and go all the way down the long hallway. Go through the last door and stop by the round coffee table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 With the potted tree behind you, walk straight down the hallway until you enter a big circular room with a blue glass sculpture on the ceiling.  Stop a few steps after entering this room. near the small circular tables. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hallway with the slatted wood wall and stop next to the sauna. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk passed the wooden framed couch seat and into the hallway with the wooden framed wall. Walk along the wooden framed over to the bathroom entry near the fountain. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 go straight down the hallway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the door and through the entryway on the other side of the room. Stop inside the far room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the aromatherapy area, and take a right. Enter the bathing room and go straight. Stop in the nook at the end of the room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go through the red curtain. Turn right and go straight into the room. Go straight into the room with the light blue walls. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room. Turn left and go through the red curtain. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the first lounge chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the large brown door and turn left through the curtain archway. Walk straight down the hallway into the bathroom and turn into the doorway on the right. Wait between the the first and second grey reclining chair. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit into the hallway and go through the room on the left.  Turn right and wait by the entrance to the room with the lounges. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down passed the stairs and follow the hallway. You'll see a pillar. stop there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk passed the staircase and into the hallway on the other side. Walk down the hall passed the door with the placard of a person. Walk to the end of the hall and into the room with the blue tiled wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway and stop near the front entrance. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hall past the ceiling sigh with a person that is green. Continue around the corner passing a door with a placard of a person on it. Continue down the hall into the next open area with a blue tiled wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Follow the emergency exit sign until you arrive at the first pillar. Stop at the first pillar. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk through the hallway to the left. Go until you reach the room with the birdcage. Stop next to the blue wall across from the doors. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the room and turn left and turn left again.  Walk down the hallway and go through the red doorway.  Turn right at the window and enter the room with the beds.  Step in front of the window, in between the first and second beds. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn left and then left again at the wood wall. Walk forward and then turn right and enter the curtains. Walk forward and turn into the last door on the right. Stop when you reach the foot of the first chair. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the sauna and take a left. Take a right, and go through the curtain into the small room. Take a right and go into the room with the lounge chairs. Stop once you enter the room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn to the left.  Walk by the massage tables.  Go out the door and into the hallway.  You'll stop just before you come to a long sofa, maybe a church pew, in the hallway.  Stop there and wait. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit bath to massage table room. turn left and enter hallway. Turn right and follow hallway straight until you reach hallway to the right. Stop. at hallway to the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk towards double beds. Leave massage room on your left. Turn right and head down hallway. Continue straight past potted plant. Wait in front of hallway that will open to your right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit room, turn left, and walk through drapes. Turn right in hallway.  Walk through door, and stay left.  Wait by water basin near blue wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight through the door and left into the hall. Turn right into the big white room, and go left near the left set of sinks. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the massage room and turn left. Walk through the curtained doorway and turn right. Enter the marble room and walk to the left. Wait near the left side alcove. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight back through the exercise room, once you reach the third yellow light on the ceiling stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk straight ahead and then wait next to the leg machine that is on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight until you get near a double glass door and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk toward the bench and turn right down the hallway. Walk to the end of the wood paneling and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Take a right and go down the hallway. Stop once you reach the open brown door on the left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and go in the door on the right. Follow the hallway and stop before going into the next room with the blue window. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hall with the flower art to your left. Walk around one curve, then stop a few feet before the second curve, and a few feet before an air vent on the ceiling. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight down the hallway and then stop when you get to the air conditioning vent. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hall with the wall of flowers to your left, make a slight left then keep going straight until you get to some light switches, then wait. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and go all the way down the long hallway until you reach the turn by all of the glass windows. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right until the tables are on your left. Walk across the lobby to the hallway ahead. Continue walking past the lockers on the right. Walk past the brown doors on your right. Stop in front of the windows. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Orient yourself so the door with the green "exit" sign above it, is to your left. Then walk forward down the hallway. Continue past the lockers to your left and then past a set of double doors to your right. Stop just prior to reaching a glass block window on your left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and go out the door on your right then continue straight down the hallway until you can see a weird sink on your right. Wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk to the right of the center of the room. Walk out of the sauna and walk down the hall. Stop in front of the wood accents. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room through the open wooden door. Continue straight down the hall and stop where the wall opens on your right and there is a sign with a lot of small writing around the corner. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk through the double doors, past the potted tree, stopping under the green sign. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk forward down the hall with the plates on the wall on your left. Continue down the hall and stop right where the hallway curves. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hallway past the door leading outside and stop when you get to the part of the hall slightly curving right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and continue down the hall. Turn in to the left and stop near the tables. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the exits and wait inside the first room on the left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 With the wall with the plates on the wall to your left, walk straight down the hall.  After you pass the potted tree, take the next door on the left and enter the room with the two beds.  Stop after you enter the room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight down the hallway and stop before going outside. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hall by the wood paneling. Stop by the end of the paneling. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Head straight ahead past the sauna and stop before reaching the door to the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the bathroom, take the first left and then take a right, stopping in the doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk forward to the end of the counter and then walk through the door. Walk down the hall and turn left at the first doorway. Walk through the door move forward to the door on the right and stop at the doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk forward out of the sauna. In the hall take the first left into the small room. In the room stop in front of the door to the room with the lounge chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go through the hallway all the way down until you get to the glass doors and a large plant in a blue pot. Wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk straight down hall and stop next to blue planter with tall plant. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway until you reach the glass doors leading outside on your left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room. Turn left and go past the red curtain. Turn right and go into the room. Wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the room with the beds and turn left. Go through the red doorway and turn right.  Stop just after stepping through the doorway into the white marble room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 walk through the doorways.  stop in front of the marble table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk thru the doorway in front of you. Walk alongside the wall on the right. Keep going straight past the curtains and thru the door at the end of the hall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit sauna and walk down hallway to the right of open door. Enter wooden arched door and stop at giant white island. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit steam room, and walk past vertical wood beams on the right. Walk through open wood door, and wait at marble table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and follow the wall, stop when you get the first wall with brown trim. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and stop before entering the hallway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk to the left towards the clock on the wall. Stop to the left of the cage at the start of the hallway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the beds and out the door at the end of the room.  Turn left and stop in the red and white doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the grey lounges through the doorway and turn left. Stop in the opening of the red curtain. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight and exit the room. Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hall and stop at the grey circle room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn to the left. Walk down the hallway towards the green exit sign. Stop under the green exit sign at the end of the hall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the white tiled hallway. Continue until you reach a door at the end of the hall. Stop at the door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Continue down the hallway and stop once you're near the stairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Follow the narrow hallway straight, until you reach the staircase.  Wait here. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk all the way forward passing the mirror on your left. Walk toward the staircase, and stop in front of the staircase. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk through the arched wooden door into the sauna and turn right and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk behind you and into the communal bathroom then go to the sinks on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and walk out the door into the stone room.  Head to the right and stop near the faucet. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and walk down the hallway  past the screen door, until you reach another door on the left. Enter the door, then walk across the room, to the right, and stop in front of the bath tub. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and enter through the first doorway on your left.  Walk through the room past the tables and enter the bathroom. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hallway passed the glass door and potted plant. Continue down the hallway into the spa room on the left. Walk int the bathroom with a large circular bath tub. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Cross the foyer into the hallway, then stop and wait near the mirror. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around 90 degrees, walk along the wall, behind the square storage furniture, past the pillar, to the left of the bird cage and then stop in the entryway to the hallway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk straight past the tv and the chairs on the right. Continue straight until you get to bird cage and a clock on the wall. Wait around there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the aromatherapy room and take a right. Stop before you pass the large table in the middle of the room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and go through the red curtian. Turn right and go straight into the room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left at the window and go out the red doorway. and turn right.  Walk past the wooden door and stop after stepping into the white marble room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around, and go through the door on your right and down the hallway. Stop where the right wall ends. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the sauna and go straight down the hallway, and stop near the instructions on the wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk out of sauna through the door on the right. Walk by the wood paneling. Stop by the fifteenth wooden panel. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room and turn left. Go out past the red curtain and turn right. Go through the wood door and when you get to the table turn right and go up a step. Wait near the three sinks. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and enter next room. then turn left and enter the next room. then turn right and enter the next room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave lounge chair area and then turn left. Walk through the door with curtain and turn right. walk through arched door into the bath area then go to the washing area to the left with the blue wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right into the curtained walkway, then stop in the doorway to the lounge room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight and turn right into the red curtain. Turn right and wait at the entrance. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk towards the trashcan behind the door to the blue mosaic. Enter the archway on the right of the trashcan. Walk past the counter. Stop in the archway next to the window. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 exit sauna, turn left, turn left and walk down hallway, stop when you make it through doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room and U turn left. Go straight down the hallway and into the round door. Wait by the white table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 go out of the sauna then take a sharp left and go down all the way down the hall. Go through the door at the end of the hall and stand right inside the door next to the white table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the sauna, go left through hallway, make a left and straight and wait at the plant. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk out of the sauna and through the bathroom. Turn left at the bench and continue down the hallway. Wait near the potted plant. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the sauna. Travel straight through the white room to the green sign. Go through the door under the sign. Turn left and travel through the hallway to the potted plant. Turn left and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk straight toward glass door and wait in front of the door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the middle of the room away from the windows toward the exit of the exercise room.  Stop in front of the clock over the wooden double doors into a waiting area. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Keep walking forward passing all the machines on the left and right towards the door that is in front. Stop there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the shower, and veer right. Take the last right on the right. Stop in the doorway on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight into the hallway. Continue straight and slightly right to continue going down the hallway. Go straight until you get to a red curtain. Turn right on the red curtain then turn right in the wood door. Wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the sauna and go to the right side of the room, pass the wooden panels on the right and go right into the clothed archway, then go straight for a second and step into the doorway on the right then stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hall, heading away from the staircase and the door for the men's bathroom.  Stop in front of the mirror next to the door for the women's bathroom. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway past 2 doorways and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk toward your left down the hall. Passing the woman's bathroom on your right hand side. Wait at the end of the wall near the double doors with the "Functional Training Zone" sign on it, to the right of the birdcage. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 walk straight down hallway, turn left at the end. stop next to person sitting on couch. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Keep walking down the hallway and turn left at an open brown door. Enter the room, and stop right next to the women sitting on the sofa. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Face the windows and turn right.  Follow the hallway around a few bends until it opens into a bigger room with a sitting area and TV.  Stop next to the lady sitting on the couch. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go into the bath room with white walls and floors, and blue arched designs in the walls. Go into the right section of the room and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk forward, move into the room at the end of the hall, wait near the right side blue wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the bathroom, and enter the bathing room. Go around the large middle table on the right side. Stop in front of the middle sink. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room. Turn left and go through the red curtain. Turn left and walk straight until you get to a strange looking fountain on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the beds and leave the room.  Go out the red doorway to the left and go through it.  Turn left and pass by a dozen vertical wooden planks on the left before stopping. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit room.  Turn left and move forward past the doorway with curtains.  Turn sharp right in the hallway.  Walk forward.  Wait by water fountain. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 walk away from four lounge chairs to the red doorway on the left, turn right and walk through doorway,turn left at giant marble square, walk through the arch on the left and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk through red curtains and head into the hallway.  Turn right, and walk into next room.  After you enter, stay left, and head towards the water basin.  Wait by the blue tile wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and exit out the curtains. Once out turn right and enter the wood door. Once inside the room, turn left and walk over into the first small area to your left and stop in front of the wall with blue tiles. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and exit the room out the door to the right. Once you enter the hallway, turn left and enter the curtains into the bathroom. Walk forward and then stop as you turn to enter the wood door on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the bathroom by exiting to the doorway on the right. Pass through the open wooden door and make a left through the fabric in the doorway. Go towards the window and stop at the entrance to the open door. Wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit crazy alter room to hall and turn left through curtain door stop at doorway on right looking at lounge chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the sauna and go down the hallway, a few steps into the hallway with the wooden wall on the left and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk to left of big marble center, turn left through doorway,  walk down hall and wait at second opening. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room using the door on the left. Go straight until you get to a room on the right that has a strange fountain then stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Rotate 180 degrees.  Move forward to the end of the hall.  Turn left 90 degrees.  Move forward until reaching the fountain. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and walk straight through 2 entryways. Once you went through the wood entry way, keep walking and then stop when the room starts to open up. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and walk straight through the doorway that is up ahead. Wait next to the first open door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go through the door on left, take a few steps down the hall, then make a left at the drapes, a right at the door, then  walk towards the bed on the left, then stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 After you leave the bathroom make a left and go into the room. When you are in the room make a right and wait in front of the area between the first and second lounge chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn until you are facing the large marble square in the middle of the room.  Walk towards it, going to the left of the square.  On the left side of the room is an open brown wooden door that is open.  Walk through that door and continue until you reach the hallway that intersects on the right side.  Turn right, and walk through the  red tapestry doorway.  Walk forward towards the large window and turn right looking into a room with 4 grey lounge chairs.  Walk into that room and stop in the area in front of the chairs, where there is an opening after the first grey chair. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the exercise room thought the double glass doors with an analog clock centered above the doors. Once through the doors, veer right and head to the stairs leading downwards. Take two steps down the stairs, then stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk straight across the room and exit out the double doors under the clock. Walk through the room to the other side and turn right at the stairs. Stop on the 3rd step down. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the fitness room. Enter the office and head down the stairs. Stop on the third stair. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 From couch turn left and walk down hallway to open sauna door and wait. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the bench and turn left. Walk past the wood panel wall and stop across from the marble sink. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 walk past the couch then turn left, stop near the door to the left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down hall into white room. Continue forward  through arch way to room with 3 faucets. Stop at faucets. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway until you get to a round door. Go into that room, pass the white table and head straight toward the room with the blue walls and sinks, then wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway and go through the arched door. Gp through the next door to the bathroom with blue tile. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway towards the stairs. Stop at the foot of the stairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hall and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Follow the hall left and stop in front of the stairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway until you pass a plant then turn left after the plant and go into the bathroom. Wait by the tub/jacuzzi. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk through the hallway with the display pieces. Continue down the hall past the plant on the right and enter the room on the left. Wait by the circular tub. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hallway, past the artwork and into the hallway with the windows on each side. Continue down the hallway and enter the room on the left with two massage tables.  Walk past the massage tables and wait next to the large bath tub. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit room through door on the right. Go straight and turn left at first doorway. Enter doorway and go down hallway. Turn right at doorway and enter doorway.  Wait inside doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 With the closest blue wall behind you, leave the room through the door on the right.  Once in the hallway, go through the red doorway on the left and walk towards the window.  At the window turn right and stop after entering the room with the four beds. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and exit out the door to the right. Turn left and enter the curtains. Walk to the other side and enter the door on the right and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway opposite of the room with the blue wall, make a slight left down the hallway and stop in front of the men's room door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 With the main door at your back, locate the opening to the hallway.   Proceed down the hallway, following around a bend to the left.  Keep walking until you read a closed brown door with a men's bathroom sign on it.  Stop there in the hallway in front of the door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and follow the hall. Stop in front of the first door on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go right down the hallway and turn left down the next hallway. Stop once there is a fountain on your left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left. Wait next to the wall across from the fountain. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight. Pass the bench on the left then turn left. Go straight until you get to a strange fountain/sink on the left and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk forward to the bathing room. Take the right before the last room. Enter the lounge chair room on the right. Stop in the section between the two chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight. Turn right. Turn right again. Wait near the grey lounge chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and go to the right door. Go through and go to the right door of that room, follow the wall and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and go down the hall, then turn right and go passed the table. Stop before the toilet. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the doorway on the left. Exit through the door on the right. Walk across the table and wait near the faucets. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go out of the room and into the hall.  Turn right through the rounded wooden door and go straight through the middle archway.  Stop in the blue tiled bathroom. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hallway, to the right of the mens room. Stop as soon as you reach the blue tiled wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway until you get to the blue wall on your right. Stop there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the long white corridor.  Continue straight until you reach the blue tile wall.  Wait here. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the sauna. Turn left and then turn left again. Go straight and then go right at the red curtains. Turn right and wait near the entrance. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit sauna and turn left. Walk towards the open door and turn right at the first open door. Enter room and turn right at the counter. Stop in the doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Make a left out of the sauna door. Make a left in front of the wood slat wall. Make a right through the curtained doorway. Wait at the door to the right of the window. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 face away from blue wall, walk straight through archway and around marble square through doorway straight ahead, turn left and walk through first doorway, stop in doorway  on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around to exit the bathroom. Leave through the archway and turn left. Enter the curtains and stop at the right doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk forward and leave the bathing room. Take the first left and enter the room through the curtain. Enter the room on the right, and stop in the doorway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room through the door at the foot of the two massage tables and then turn right. Continue past the doors to your left and right that lead outside. Pass the narrow wall mounted table on your right. Then stop when a corridor opens up to your right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past the beds and out the door.  In the hallway turn right and walk straight down the hallway.  Stop just before reaching a wooden bench with a blue and white pottery urn on the right end. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk to the end of the 2 beds and out the door with the controls beside it. Once out, turn right and head down the hallway. Stop right before you reach the wood bench with pillows. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 walk across room to hall to the left of arched couch. continue down hallway stop at end of couch and a hallway to the left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk towards the hallway on the left, go down the hallway, and wait by the sofa. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Move forward towards the seats with pillows, go though the entrance with the blue stairs sign, continue straight past the couch until you reach the entrance on the left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Step forward and turn left. Walk through the door ahead and wait near the marble table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk toward the wood paneling and turn left. Walk straight across through the arched doorway. Stop just inside the door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Stand so the fountain is behind you and turn left in the hallway.  Walk straight until you enter a room with a large table in the middle.  Stop when you get to the table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Leave the bathing area and take a left. Enter the room on the right with the lounge chairs. Stop in front of the empty spot between the chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and go into the hall behind you. Go into the first room on the left, and turn into the next door on the right.  Stop next to the chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and exit through the wooden door.  Immediately turn left, and walk through the doorway to enter the bathroom.  Walk towards the window, and turn right into the room with four chairs.  Wait here. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk down the hallway towards the potted tree.  Turn left into the first room on the left after passing the potted tree.  Stop after stepping into the room with the two beds. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and walk down the hall.  Enter the massage room. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 With your back faced towards the white wall take a right and walk through the open doorway and through the hallway made of glass walls. As you walk you will find a fire alarm on the left hand side followed by a door into a sauna. Take a left through that door until you face two sauna beds and that is your destination. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and then turn left again in the room. Enter the hallway and turn right to go through the archway. Stop in the far room with the toilet. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room. Turn left and go past the red curtain. Turn right and go into the room. Walk straight until you get into a room with blue walls. Wait there. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room with the beds and turn left.  Go through the red doorway and turn right in the hallway.  Walk into the room at the end of the hall with the white marble.  Walk around the table in the middle of the room and stop on the opposite side. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn and walk down the hall to the marble room. Turn left and stop in front of the mosaic on the wall. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and walk through the door in the very back. Turn left once inside and wait by the center table. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk out of the bathroom with the slatted wall on your left. Keep walking down the hallway and enter the spa room at the end of the corridor. In the spa room take a left and stop in front of the sink. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 walk through hallway, stop before bench. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Take a walk down the hallway past the double doors and continue on past the blue plates and stop when you are are the next entryway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk through hallway towards glass door. Wait at wooden bench. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and head down the long hallway. Continue down the hallway and stop at the bottom of the wood steps. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down a narrow hall and wait in front of some stairs going up. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go straight down the hallway until you get to the stairs and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the shower and head straight out of the bathroom through the curtained doorway on the right. Continue straight and enter the room on the right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the shower and walk along the slated wall toward the arched doorway. At the corner turn right and walk through the curtain. Then turn right through the doorway and wait by the window. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the steam room and walk down the hall to the right. Turn right at the hall with red curtains and proceed down that hall to the end and turn right. Enter the room and wait by the chair. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 go straight and take left and go stop at then right side door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Take a right and then take a left. Wait next to the plant. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and walk down the hall. Turn left and walk toward the plant in a blue pot. Stop next to the blue pot. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and wait in the doorway next to the blue couch. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go right past the lockers. Take a left when you're in the lobby. Wait at the hallway. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Go down the hallway passed the lockers on your right and continue down the hallway, in the circle room go slight left into the doorway to the left of the blue couch and stop. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 With the white door on your left go forward down he hallway. Go straight down the hall passing the windows on your left. At the end of the hallway take a left and stop in the hall just past the last window with the window on your right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Move down the hall past the windows and turn slight left. Stop and wait by the the window on the immediate right. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn left and move straight down the hall. Stop just around the bend with the window to your right and the painted wall to your left. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right at the blue wall through the doorway, walk straight down the hallway, stop right in front of the stairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn right and walk down the hall. Turn left and continue down the hall. Turn left then right and  walk up the stairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past bird cage. Make right at blue wall. Walk past women's bathroom. Walk past men's bathroom. Wait at bottom of stairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 With the slatted wall on your right walk forward into the sauna. In the sauna take a left and stop in front of the middle fountain. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 turn around. Go through the rounded archway. Continue forward until you reach the marble table and take a left to arrive at a sink with blue tiles. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and walk through the door into the bath room. Turn left to walk past the table. Wait in the bath area. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit faucet room into next room. Walk over island in middle of the room and through archway. Turn left and enter curtain door. Walk across room to door on the right. Turn right and enter room. Stop before lounge chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk straight out of the spa and leave through the narrow hallway. In the hallway take a left into the first room bathroom. Then take a right into the room with the lounge chairs. Stop past the door. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Exit the room and walk straight ahead through the doorway. Turn left, then right and wait in the room with the lounge chairs. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Make a right and exit room, make a right, then make a other right and head toward bathroom. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and exit the room out the curtains. Once out, turn right and walk down into the door. Once you reach the table in the center of the room, turn right and stop in front of the area with blue tiles. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk out through a curtained area, and through a curved doorway into a large marble bathroom, and wait at a blue tiled arched area. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Move to the long wall with dividers on it to your left. Turn right and travel down the hallway. Pass the electronic devices on the wall to your right and enter the bigger hallway. Turn right and pass the brown and blue couch on your right. Keep moving down the hallway, passing the decorations on your left. Move into the circular room with the curved blue couch on the left. Stop after three feet. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk out of the bathroom. Turn left then right. Walk down the hall to the living room. Stop before the blue glass sculpture in the ceiling. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn to the left and walk down a hallway.  Go to the right, walk past the couch.  Continue down this path.  Then, you'll come to a room that has a curved couch.  Stop there by the tables and wait. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around.  Walk down the hall and turn left continue walking down the hall until you get to the reception area's desk. Stop and wait right next to it. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Walk past ceiling vent. Walk past lockers. Wait at metal desk. 
Vt2qJdWjCF2 Turn around and continue straight down the hallway path and wait at the reception desk with the computer. 
yqstnuAEVhm Head outside of the bathroom and turn right, keep right until you reach the other side of the room and head for the exit, on the right. Once you exit the room, turn left and enter the other room. 
yqstnuAEVhm With the toilet on your right go into the bedroom and take a right in the room and go straight towards the seating area taking a right out of the room and into the hallway taking a left into the first door on the left into the bedroom stopping next to the chair on your left. 
yqstnuAEVhm GO into the bedroom and turn to the right.  Go to the right again.  Walk past the makeup table.  Go down the hallway.  Turn left and into the other bedroom.  There you will wait by the bedside. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go to the front of the sink. Go into the next room which is the dining room. Go through the dining room to the living room entrance and stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go straight passing the kitchen when you get to the table with the chairs. Turn left and go straight. Walk straight until you pass another table and chairs and then o into another room. Wait near the couches. 
yqstnuAEVhm Head through the kitchen, turn left to pass through the dining room into the living room. Stop and wait near the sofa. 
yqstnuAEVhm walk away from doorway to bedroom, turn right down hallway, walk straight towards two red chairs, turn left at the red chairs and walk on the left side of the bed, walk through doorway on left, stop in front of shower. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go right into the next bedroom. Go left into the bathroom and stop next to the toilet. 
yqstnuAEVhm Leave the bedroom and go right. Enter the bedroom, and take a left. Enter the bathroom, and stop next to the toilet. 
yqstnuAEVhm Proceed up the stairway and turn right, then turn right again into the foyer. Walk up to the forth stair and wait by the banister. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn around and walk through the doorway. Turn right once through the door and walk forward down the hallway. Turn right and walk to the bottom of the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the step just below the first platform. 
yqstnuAEVhm Take a right at the top of the stairs, and walk through the doorway. Walk towards the flight of stairs, and stop at the third step up the stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go down stairs, walk straight down hallway, turn left at the end of the hallway and exit room. Turn left walk towards closet, walk right of the closet towards open door. Stop in the doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the stairs then go straight until you can't anymore. Turn left and head all the way down the hallway until you get to a room. Turn left to exit the room and go into the middle door. Wait at the entrance. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn right and head down the stairs to the bottom. Walk straight and turn left at the wooden cabinets.  Walk through the door and head left past the chairs. Walk through the first open door on your left and wait there. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down stairs and turn right, walk passed the massage chair, through the living room and stop at double doors. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the stairs to the lower floor. Walk passed the arm chairs around a coffee table. Continue down the room past the glass doors and table and through the open doorway at the end, which leads into a living room area. Walk past the couches and continue into the next living room area ahead near the door to outside. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the stairs and then turn right and walk through the double white doors on the other side of the table. Walk straight across and stop in the doorway of the next double doors. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go through the glass doorway opposite the guardrail. Continue straight down the hall and stand two feet inside the room at the very end of the hall, next to the thermostat and light switches with a post-it note hanging off of them. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn hard left and walk down the hallway.  Turn left and enter the doorway. Walk down the hallway and enter the room. Wait by the mirror. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the hallway past the pictures on the wall and through the glass door.  Walk down the hallway and wait at the other end at the entrance to a bedroom. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk through the room and into the hallway. Wait inside the nearest bedroom. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk past the chairs and out of the bedroom. Walk into the bedroom on the left and stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk past the chairs and exit the bedroom.  Walk down the hall and enter the first bedroom on your left.  Wait near the bed. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk through the open white door in front of you and enter the room.  Once in the room, turn to your left and walk towards the open door near the desk and round mirror on the wall.   Walk through the open door, and continue all the way down the hardwood hallway towards the open glass door.  Enter the room through the open glass door and walk three feet forward onto the white carpet.  Stop there. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go stand next to the the black guardrail at the top of the stairs, next to the wall art that says Love. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk into the bedroom and turn left. Walk across the room and into the hallway. walk down the hall and through the glass doorway. Stop by the railing. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the hallway towards the stairs, walk to the door to the left of the closet and stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit bedroom, turn left, go straight down the hallway, walk through the glass door, turn left in front of the closet, stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
yqstnuAEVhm Enter hall and turn left. Walk straight to hall. turn slight left and enter closet. Turn180 degrees and enter bathroom on your right. stop in doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk across the room and enter the doorway on the left side of the bed into the bathroom. Stop and wait near the towel rack. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go straight and pass the chairs and the bed. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet. 
yqstnuAEVhm With the door to the outside to your right, look at the door opening to the left of the bed ahead of you. Go through that opening into the bathroom. Stop next to the right side of the toilet. 
yqstnuAEVhm Leave kitchen area, walking past fridge. Take a right and go up the stairs, stopping at the first landing. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk forward past the refrigerator into the hallway. In the hallway take the second right into the foyer. Go up the first three stairs and stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk through kitchen. Make right at Family Rules art. Walk up stairs. Wait at photos on stair landing. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go to the front of the staircase. Go down the stairs. At the bottom of the staircase stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk out of the bedroom and turn left toward the stairs. Walk down the stairs and into the hallway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the stairs that lead to the bedroom. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go through the doorway to the right and then turn right and go through the next doorway passing the hutch and stopping in front of the stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Outside the bedroom, turn hard left and go through the door. Continue into the room bearing right of the fireplace go into the narrow hallway to the right of the doors.Continue down the narrow hallway until you reach the base of the stairs leading upwards. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk through the door at the end of the hallway on the left. Then head towards the door to the right. Take a right and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn around and walk all the way down the stairs. Make a left at the bottom of the stairs and walk through the open doorway. Make a left to the next open doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the stairs and make a hard left. Turn left again and wait by the light switches. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go down the staircase, turn hard left and left again into the kitchen, and wait by the door. 
yqstnuAEVhm With the stairs behind you, walk down the hallway in front of you.  Walk all the way down the hallway until you run into a door.  Stop just before entering the room with the table and chairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Leave the closet, and head through the glass doors ahead. Walk down the hall. Stop outside of the room at the end of the hall. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go through the glass doorway into the hallway straight ahead, continue down to the end of the hallway until you reach the door frame. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk into the living room from the hallway. Enter the hallway to the left. Wait inside the bedroom through the first door on the left. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk into the bedroom.  Walk down the hallway to the left of the vanity.  Take the first left.  Stop in front of the chair. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk past the armoire and turn left. Walk across the room and into the hallway. Turn left and walk into the bedroom. Stop by the chair. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk up the stairs and take a right. Turn left and take your first right into the bedroom. Wait there. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go up the stairs and go down the hallway in the middle. Go down the hall and take a right at the first door. Enter the bedroom and stop next tot he round chairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk up the stairs, Walk forward and turn right. Walk slightly forward and turn left. Walk forward and turn right. Walk into the room with the painting above the bed and wait. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk across bedroom into hall turn right and enter bedroom and stop at bed. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk past the two pink chairs, and take a through the door in the middle. Take the first right into the bedroom  Stop once you enter the room. 
yqstnuAEVhm With the door leading outside to your immediate right, step forward, then turn ninety degrees to the left. Exit this room via the door opening ahead of you and to the right. Continue forward until you can enter a bedroom to your right. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk past the table and chairs and couch and through the dining room and to the right of the table and chairs. Walk to the left of the table with the flowers and turn left. Turn left at the bottom of the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk straight past the couches on the right. Turn right and go straight until you get to the round table. Turn left and go straight toward the stairs. Go up five steps then stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Move into the dining room, then exit the room on the right.  Go through this room and start to go up the stairs, stopping about four steps up. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go up the stairs and then turn right and wait near the glass door. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk up stairs. Wait at the "LAUGH" picture frame. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go up the stairs to the top and stand next to the glass door. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn right and then turn left into the glass door. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the bed. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk to top of staircase.  Turn right and walk along the railing.  Enter the first door on the left.  Walk down the hardwood corridor.  Make the first right to enter the bedroom.  Wait by cushion chair. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk around the stair well and enter the glass door on the left.  Then walk down the hallway and enter the bedroom on your right.  Wait near the bed. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go through the glass door and all the way down the hallway. Stop once you enter the door on the end of the hallway. 
yqstnuAEVhm walk away from the closet, through the glass door and down the wood floor hallway, walk straight through the doorway and stop once you enter the room. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go through the glass door and head down the hallway until you reach the room at the end of the hallway. Stop just after entering the room. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn and walk to the bottom of the stairs. At the bottom turn right and walk past the large glass cabinet and turn right. Once you enter the room turn left and walk out the door into the next room and stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down stairs, turn right into dining room, turn left and walk into sitting room, stop behind brown leather couch. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk to the right side of the round table and turn right into the dining room. Turn left and walk into the next room. Stop inside the room, in between the couch and red chair. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go straight down the hallway and go past the clear door. Go into the room on the slight left straight ahead. Wait in that closet. 
yqstnuAEVhm With the white door behind you, walk straight down the hallway and past the glass doors.  Go to the room to the left of the iron railing.  Stop in the doorway of this closet. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk forward down the hall and exit through the glass doors. Go into the closet on the left of the stairs. Stop in the doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Leave the bedroom and turn left. go down the hall. Stand in front of the railing above the staircase. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit bedroom to hallway, turn left in hallway and walk to stairs. Stop at stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm walk between the chair and bed and through the doorway, turn left and walk through the glass door stop when you reach the banister. 
yqstnuAEVhm Leave the office area, walk past the fireplace, turn left, walk through the living room, walk through the doorway, and wait by the massage chair. 
yqstnuAEVhm Leave study to living room. Walk across living room into double doors. Stop at big black massage chair. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn around. Walk across the room in front of the TV and go out the door on the left. Head across the room with carpet and stop when you enter the next room  facing the table in the middle of the room. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk toward the right and pass through the room into the living room. Continue through the french doorway, then wait at the stair landing. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk past the black massage chair and through the double doors. Walk past the couch and stop by the vertical picture display. 
yqstnuAEVhm With the stairs to your right, go forward and exit the room through the opening centered on the opposite wall. Continue through that carpeted room, passing by a fireplace on your right, and exit the room through a set of double doors, stopping when you step on the wooden flooring. 
yqstnuAEVhm After you go up the stairs. Turn right and then turn left into the clear glass door. Turn left into the room and wait there. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk towards the sign that says "Love" and turn right.  Go through the glass doors and go down the hallway.  Step into the first door on the left and stop in the doorway to this bedroom. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go up the stairs, and to the right. Enter the hallway through the glass door. Enter the first bedroom on the left. Stop in the doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk through the bedroom past the bed and out into the hallway. Walk down the hall to the open door at the end. Walk into the large bedroom that has a vanity mirror and desk near the entrance. 
yqstnuAEVhm Please get out from bed room. Then take left. Near mirror. 
yqstnuAEVhm Take a left and walk out of the bedroom. Take a right and wait in the doorway of the bedroom. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go past the bed and out the door of the bedroom, into the hall and wait in the first doorway on the left. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk towards green and yellow painting and turn left towards doorway. Go down hallway and turn left at the first doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit the bedroom and wait in the doorway of the bedroom on the left. 
yqstnuAEVhm Face the large painting of flowers at the other end of the room. Go straight toward it until you reach the wall. Take a left around the end of the table and exit the room via the door on the right. Go straight until you reach the counter with a tea kettle. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn right, go around the dining table and turn right, going into the kitchen. Stop at the end of the breakfast bar. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn around and walk past the large table exiting the room via the leftmost door. Walk across the second table and wait by the counter. 
yqstnuAEVhm From closet walk through dining room to hallway, turn right into bedroom. Wait at the bed. 
yqstnuAEVhm Enter through the doorway and exit the next room to the hall. Wait in front of the first bedroom on the right. 
yqstnuAEVhm Step through the doorway ahead and turn left slightly. Walk across the room, entering the hallway by the mirror that is hanging on the wall. Go down the hallway entering the first bedroom on your right. Wait in the doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Leave the bedroom, walking past the mirror and going straight down the hallway until you pass the glass doorway.  Stop in front of the iron railing on the other side of the glass doorway. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk to the end of the hallway.  Walk through the hallway door, take a step to the right and stand next to the railing. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit the bedroom and then go straight through the hallway, go through the glass door and stop at the railing. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn right, walk through the door and walk straight until you've made your way through the doorway and into the kitchen then stop at your destination. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit the room. Walk straight past the large table and chairs. Exit the room using the door on the left. Go straight into the kitchen. Wait near the dishwasher. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn around and follow the table. Go through the door and stop in front of the dishwasher. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit the dining room through the first archway on the left. Wait on the stairs near the first landing. 
yqstnuAEVhm Go passed the table and make a right along the table, then make a left through the curtains, make a left, go straight, then go up the stairs a few steps and wait. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit the kitchen and then head towards the tan curtains located above the doorway. Continue through the doorway, make a left and then wait near the stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn around and exit the sitting area. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk straight and pass the chairs. Turn right and exit the room. Turn right and wait near the stairs going up. 
yqstnuAEVhm Exit bedroom, make a right and walk to base of stairs and wait at base of stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk out of the bathroom and make a sharp turn right out of the bedroom. Walk into the hallway and stop in the doorway on the left. 
yqstnuAEVhm Enter the bedroom and turn right. Go passed the table and then turn right again. Enter the hallway and then enter the door on the left and stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk into the bedroom, right passed the table and chairs, and turn right to go into the hallway. Turn into the first door on the left and stop. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn right at the top of the staircase. Turn left and go through the glass door. Go all the way down the hall and wait at the door to the large bedroom. 
yqstnuAEVhm walk away from the stairs and towards the right, walk left through the glass doorway, and continue straight down the hallway until you pass through another doorway and stop before you reach a vanity on your left. 
yqstnuAEVhm turn right in hallway turn left into hallway with glass door, walk straight to open door at end of hallway, stop just inside bedroom at bench and mirror. 
yqstnuAEVhm From the doorway exiting the room, go right towards the room with the fireplace. Go past the fireplace on the right hand side and enter the small hallway leading off to the right. Take another right turn and go to the foot of the stairs. 
yqstnuAEVhm Turn right and then enter the room through the door to your right. Once in the room go to the right side and then turn right to enter the wooden closet area. Walk into the closet and turn right. Head towards the stairs stopping right before the stairs in front of the wedding photo. 
yqstnuAEVhm Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the room and to the right of the chairs. Turn right and walk into the hallway. Walk past the armoire and turn right. Walk down the hall and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk past the stairs on your left side, and walk around the large box in the middle until you reach the red carpeted blocked on top of a flooring with brown and gray diamonds. Stop infront of where the flooring meets the whole gray flooring. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go to the left. Walk past the rope. Stop in front of the red platform. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go around the altar and go stop at the red platform, in between the two sets of steps. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn around and walk forward past a few columns, go around to the other side of the column. Stand on the floor. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk down the corridor and wait by the third column from the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn around and walk between the glass railing and the next four pillars. Turn right and stop outside the next pillar. 
gxdoqLR6rwA With the tourist barrier and bridge directly behind you, you will see a series of columns with arches on top of them. Counting from the left, go through the opening of the third arch. Ahead and to the left will be a squat cylindrical shape with a lot of narrow columns supporting a conical roof. Go stand next to that. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk across the hallway to the other row of columns. Wait next to the circular structure with a roof. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk across the very large room towards A rounded structure of stone with a cone-shaped roof, and wait there. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Just walk straight ahead and to the far side of the altar. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk down hallway, past columns, to the large steps.  Go to the second step, then walk across the step to the ropes. Go over two sets of ropes. Go up to the second step of the next set of large steps, then stop. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk down the hall passed the columns reception desk. Walk along the staircase that borders the checkered tile floor towards the wooden sitting benches. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go through the arch and along the display cases, and wait in front of the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk down the stairs and keep walking straight until you reach another set of stairs.  Stop in front of the first step. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk down the stairs and past the displays on the left. Stop in front of the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk forward, turn right at the first bench, step forward, turn left, stop in the aisle near the fourth bench. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go left, and go to the right of the pews straight ahead. Stop 15 feet from the statue of the man. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk forward with the pews behind you. Go forward and walk down the aisle on the right of the pews. Stop once you pass the third pew. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go stand on the third step on the far side of the stairs, next to a large column. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn left  and walk by the stairs. Wait on the other side of the second set of stairs on the left. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go straight and pass the first stairs. Wait on the third step at the very end of the last stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn left and wait by the fourth pillar on the left. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk down the hall on the left side of the room, then stop in font of fourth column. 
gxdoqLR6rwA To left towards the rail when you get to about two feet from the rail, turn to the right and make a straight line to the fourth column from the end and stop. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go down the stairs. After you pass the chair on the left turn left and wait there. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk left down the stairs and turn left past the wooden chair. Stop in front of the steps. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go down the stairs on the left and go forward. Take a left and stop next to the wood chair at the bottom of the two stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go straight and slightly left. Head toward the last row of chairs and stand about 10 feet from the row of chairs right next to the column. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Facing the exit go to the right side of the church floor without going passed the pillars and go straight towards the back, then stop at a rope blocking off a group of brown chairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Travel to the red rug in the center of the room. Travel to the rows of chairs on the right. Stop at the column nearest the back row of chairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go toward the staircase and up the stairs. The stairs will go to the left a bit. Stand at the top of the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk straight to steps Turn left and continue up steps. Stop on top of steps on checkered floor. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Head past the bench toward the stairs.  Go up the stairs turning left.  Stop in front of the roped off area. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn left and move forward and up the first two stairs on the side of the staircase. Now turn slightly left and walk down the stairs towards the row of three chairs in front of you and wait there by the ropes. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk to the right of the pews and over the steps. Stop in front of the three wooden chairs. . 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go forward towards the stairwell. Go up the marble steps, and go down them on your left. Stop in front of the three individual chairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk straight past the caged-in exhibit. Continue past the alter. Go past the second caged-in exhibit.Climb three stairs and wait in front of the door. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go straight down the way opposite the stairs, and keeping through the archway on the right, go up three steps and then stop. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk straight until you get to three steps. Go up the three steps and wait there. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn left and walk towards the cross. Once you reach the end, turn right. Walk all the way across the room and stop when you enter between 2 large columns. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn around, then turn right at the art niche. Pass under the archway and stop near the pillar. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk towards the crucifix and make a right turn. Walk till you reach the column on your right and stop as soon as you pass it. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk into the middle of the pillars and turn left. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk on an adjacent angle to the open arched doorway, next to the covered icon display. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Move forward, stop when you get in front of the three steps. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk up the stairs and take a left. Walk down the stairs to your left, next to the stairs you just ascended. Turn right and wait next to the pews. 
gxdoqLR6rwA At top of steps turn left and go down next set of steps. At bottom of steps turn right. Walk down steps and walk to benches next to large pillar and arches on the wall. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Head up the nearby stairs and to the left.  Head down the other set of stairs and to the right. Walk around the row of tan benches.  Stand next to the bust on the column. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go up the stairs and towards the three chairs on the left  Go up these cstairs and wait infront of the velvet rope. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go straight up the stairs. Walk forward and go up the next stair behind the chairs. Walk onto the mosaic and stop. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk up the stairs, cross the parlor, walk up the stairs, wait at the top of the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk to the left.  Go between the ropes, to the stairs.  Go over the landing stairs and go to the top of the basement stairs.  Stop there. 
gxdoqLR6rwA TURN LEFT UNTIL YOU ARE FACING A SET OF STAIRS WITH TABLE BENCHES TO THE RIGHT AND SEVERAL BENCHES PUSH TOGETHER ON THE LEFT, WALK TOWARDS THE STAIRS, WHILE ON THE STAIRS THER WILL BE WOODEN CHAIRS AND AN ALTER TO THE RIGHT CONTINUE WALKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT SET OF STAIRS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ALTER, WALK TO THE END OF THE STAIRS LOOKING AT A WIDE HALLWAY WITH A DOORWAY TO THE LEFT, TURN LEFT AND WALK TO THE ARCHED DOORWAY WITH A SET OF STAIRS LEADING DOWN. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk straight past the pews and both sets of stone steps. Wait in the doorway at the left. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Face the steps. Walk towards steps. Walk up the steps. Turn right of the alter. Walk past the alter. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk slightly right and step over the rope. Walk up the stairs and continue forward. Angle slightly left and continue forward. Wait near the three wooden chairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn slightly right and walk up the steps. Walk towards the second set of steps and wait by the wooden chairs at the start of the second set of steps. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Facing the opening with the window behind you go forward and slightly left going straight stopping in front of the two pillars to the right of the pillars with the carpet between them. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Take a left and wait in front of the railing straight ahead. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn to the left, and go to the brown rectangle portion of the rug.  and then to the right.  You'll be at the foot of two pillars.  Stand there and wait. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk up the aisle through the pews. Walk down the stairs on your right and in front of the rope section which is the second from the right facing the rope. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk to the center of the room, passed the columns.  Walk passed the ropes in the center of the room. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk in between the pews, past the columns, stopping in front of the stanchions. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk down the mosaic tiled walkway. Turn the corner and continue down the walkway past the roped barricade. walk across the room towards the small set of marble stairs ahead. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go straight then turn right. Go straight until you get to steps. Wait there. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Turn right and walk around the stone vault. Continue forward until you reach the stairs. Wait on the first set of stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk up the stairs, pass the pews and the last column on the right. Walk up a few stairs, then back down to the right. Turn left and wait in the arched stairway entry. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk up the stairs. Turn right next to stairs up ahead and wait in the entryway. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Go to the right side of the steps and walk up. At the top walk to the other side until you reach the chairs and then up the stairs to the right side. Once you go up three steps, turn right and go down the other set of steps. Stop at the door behind the desk, facing the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Pass the column then turn right. Go down two steps then stop. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk towards the cross and stop at the top of the steps. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Move forward, turn right, walk to the left pillar, wait near the stairs. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk to the column and turn right. Walk up the steps and stop on the fifth step from the top. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk straight then turn right. Go up the stairs on the right. Wait three steps to the top. 
gxdoqLR6rwA Walk toward siting area. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the remaining stairs to the top of the staircase. Turn and walk past the desk and dining table in the middle of the room. Walk through the concrete entryway into the hall up the small steps into the next room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk to the top of the stairs and then turn right. Walk across the room with the table and chairs towards the large concrete walkway. Walk through the walkway and stop once you enter the kitchen. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs, and turn right, go through the room to the right of the table, take a step up onto the step and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk counter clockwise around the bed and up the stairs.  Stop in front of the mirror to the right of the big grey column. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk to the opposite side of the bed.  Walk up the carpeted steps.  Wait by mirror. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk around the bed and walk up the two steps.  Wait next to the concrete column. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the kitchen by walking past the stove on the right. Walk past the dining table on the right. Walk down stairs. Wait at the hats on the wall. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the kitchen into the dining room and then go out the dining room using the door on the left. Turn left and go down the stairs and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the kitchen and enter the dining room. Walk down the stairs on the left. Wait in the doorway at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the first set of stairs, and walk left of the second staircase until you reach the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Read the top of the first set of steps and then continue straight on the path to the left of the next set. Stop at the doorway to the next room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the two steps and continue forward passing down the hallway to the left of the larger staircase.  Stop just before entering the room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and go down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn slightly right and enter the room with two open doors. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs. Bear to the right and go to the doorway to the right of the stairs.  Stop in the center of the double doors and wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs, and enter the bedroom on the right of the stairs. Stop once you enter the room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk straight until you see couches with red cushions. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk out of the open door onto the porch area outside. Follow down the narrow outside porch walkway around the curve behind the red couch. At the end of the red couch, stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk outside along edge of the house until you reach the patio set. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit bathroom.  Walk towards black and white painting.  Turn right at the painting to enter the bedroom.  Wait by bed. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk away from bathtub through small doorway to exit bathroom, walk past doorway on left turn right at giant black and white painting, turn right at abstract painting, turn left and stop at top of carpet stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and face the black and white painting on the wall and walk towards it. Turn right and take a few more steps until you arrive by the bed in the bedroom. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the door and turn right. Walk up the stairs, and stop at the top in front of the pink door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go through the double doors and up the stairs. Wait on the landing in front of the bathroom door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk forward and exit the room. Once out, Turn right and walk all the way up the stairs. Once at the top. Walk to the right and stop facing the pink bathroom door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk through the living room and into the kitchen. Then walk through the kitchen and enter the dining room area. Stand by the table. 
rqfALeAoiTq Pass the yellow couches and the stairs then pass the kitchen and go straight until you get to a room with a marble table and four dark brown chairs and stop there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the sitting area towards the kitchen.  Walk between the stairs to your right, and the breakfast bar to your left going all the way through the kitchen.  Go through the doorway that is to the left of the stove, into the dining room.  Stop when the dining table is in front of you. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the bedroom to the right of the bed,  climbing up two steps, going to the right around the column. Go through the double doors to your right, and then take a hard right turn to walk three steps down the staircase. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the two steps next to the bed. Walk to the right of the large gray column. Enter the doorway to the right of the mirror. Start down the stairs. Stop five steps down. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the steps, past the sitting area and through the double doors. Turn sharp right, start downstairs, but wait a few steps down from the top. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the hall with the building to your left, enter the house, wait at the doorway to the house. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk away from the furniture and walk down the narrow corridor on the balcony towards the door. Enter the doorway to the loft area and stop in the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk straight and turn right at the door. Wait in the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs. Take a sharp left and wait in the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs then turn left and go into the far left door. Wait near the colorful painting on the wall. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs turn left and stop in front of the painting. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and exit the room using the door on the right. Go up the stairs. Go up five steps then wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the steps and go right past the column. Go right through the double doors and walk up to the fourth step and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the bed and around the right of the wide grey column.  Go through the blue doorway on the right just after passing this column and go up the stairs.  Stop on the fourth step going up. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and take a left. Walk through the double doors and into the hallway. Walk down 2 stairs and wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq exit the bedroom, turn right through the double doors,make a hard right,  down go down the stairs and stop mid way on the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hall. Go down the stairs and stop on the fourth stair from the top. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down stairs, and make a left. Walk to the open door to the left of the stone figurine on the floor. Wait in the threshold of the open door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and go down the stairs behind you. Once you are at the bottom go out the door to your left. Walk to the right and stop while looking into the room with the pink door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right until you face the stairs, then walk down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn left and walk through the door. Walk to the red door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit through door on right, go down the hall, towards stairs on left side, stop at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go towards the black and white abstract painting directly ahead of you.Make an immediate right at the lime green colored doors. Go down the hallway until you see another abstract painting on your left and then wait at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk forward and take the first right to leave the room. In the hall stay left and go down the first two stairs. Stop on the second from the top stair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs and take a right. Stop outside the bathroom door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn and walk up the staircase to the top. Walk towards the pink open door at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up stairs. Wait at top of stair landing. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down stairs. Wait by odd yellow couches. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and go down the stairs. Turn left and stop by the yellow furniture. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs until they end in a large open area with a sitting area on the left and a kitchen area on the right.  Go left down a few stairs and turn left so you are facing a table with a yellow chair on the left and a yellow couch on the right.  Stop while you are standing here. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs, turn right, continue, and stand in the doorway to go outside. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs and turn right towards the brown graphite counter table. Pass the table going straight towards the window by passing the plants placed on the left, and stop there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Head up the stairs in front of you. When you reach the top, make a right and keep walking to the other side of the table and stop at the door going outside. You are facing the statue area. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk forward to the end of the hall and turn left.  Then walk forward through the next room past the statue.  Then turn right and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the hallway and exit through the red door. Go through the double doors and wait at the base of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Leave the TV room and enter the room straight ahead through the double doors. Stop at the foot of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around.  Go straight towards the stairs.  Go up the stairs.  Go towards the kitchen.  Go through open door to dining room.  Head to open door on the left. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the yellow love seat, up the stairs, and past the kitchen island. Walk past the table and chairs to the next small hallway before you get to the black sectional sofa. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the living room and up the stairs into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen into the dining room and take a left into the doorway. Stop in the doorway to the TV room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs and continue in a straight line to the next set of stairs going down. Take three steps down those stairs and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs. Pass the painting, and walk towards the second step of stairs. Walk down about three steps, and stop there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs and continue forward. Start going down the next staircase and stop on the the fourth stair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn left and go down the hall until you get to double white doors. Go into the double white doors and wait there near the colorful painting on the right. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk along the carpeted walkway past the small set of stairs and turn the corner into the hallway near the mirror and built in desk area. Walk down the hall past the large abstract black and white painting. Walk through the open double doors that lead to a hall with a stairwell leading upstairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit current room make a left, then make a right and head toward stair case, and wait near thermostat. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go past the large white and black picture, through the purple doors, towards the stairs going down.  Wait at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk past the large black and white picture. Walk through the double doors. Turn right and stop at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk out of the bedroom and into the hallway. In the hall take a right, and go to the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Climb the stairs and turn right at the top. Turn left through the opening on your left that's just past the heating grate on the floor next to the wall. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk to the left of the table and stop inside the next room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Make your way up the stairs, go right and then left and then stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs and turn left. Walk past the yellow leather lounge chairs and wait in the doorway to the patio. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down to the bottom of the stairs case, and left passed the yellow furniture until you reach the glass window. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs and enter the big open room.  Go left and head outside through the middle door.  Stop on the mat in the doorway just before stepping onto the patio. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit through red door, walk forward and make a right toward stair case and wait on the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the room through the red door to your left. Continue through the white doors to your right.  Turn right as you exit through the white doors and climb up two stairs. Wait there for further instructions. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go into the room on the left. Go straight into the double white doors. Turn right and go up the stairs. Go up about five steps then stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the stairs and contain, and pass the second counter on your left. Walk through the walkway, between a wall and a stove. Stop immediatly after you pass under the walk way. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the kitchen and past the stove and enter the dining room. Stand by the table. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go past the stairs into the kitchen. Enter the pathway to the left of the stove and stop in the dining room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the hall and then the door. Turn right and then walk up the stairs.   Wait near the table. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go forward, and enter the room straight across the hall. Go up the stairs and take a right. Stop outside of the pink door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go straight into the double doors ahead. Turn right and go up the stairs. Wait near the pink door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go straight until you get to the end of the hallway and stop by the white couches with the red pillows. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the passageway and keep going straight until you get to the patio area. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go forward on the blue path between two glass barriers until area expands out into a conversational area. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs, turn right and wait at the coffee table with the couches around it. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down stairs. Make left at edge of fireplace hearth, and walk down stairs. Wait at concrete coffee table. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the brown stair case to the landing and turn left to wait by the mustard yellow chairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right of the picture, go down the hallway towards the table, take a left into the next doorway on the left of the angled entranceway, then right, and stop at the top of the stairs just at the theromostat. 
rqfALeAoiTq You need to go down the narrow hallway with the painting about Nixon and make a left when you get to the table, wait at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and head down the hall. Walk past the side table and turn left. Stand at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs, turn right and then go passed the table towards the big window and stop at the window. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs, turn right, and walk past the dining table.  Walk outside and stop near the statue of the child on the skateboard. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs. Stand in the doorway to go outside, close to the statue of the boy on a skateboard. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk down the long narrow catwalk, directly away from the ocean, stop before it opens up to a seating area with couches. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk all the way down the glass walkway. Stop when the walkway opens up and you are facing the couches. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk straight ahead approximately 15 steps until you have passed 5 railing posts.  Stop at the end of the railing. 
rqfALeAoiTq exit the bathroom then turn left exiting the door then turn right in the stairs then stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the bathroom and go into the first room on the left. Go to the art. Go down the staircase three stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Leave the bathroom and go through the door on the left.  After passing through the blue doorway, turn right and go down the stairs.  Stop on the third step down. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk down the stairs, turn right at the bottom towards yellow painting on wall, turn right again and stop in doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the staircase to the next floor below. Turn around the banister wall and continue down the adjacent hallway. Walk towards the open double doors that are green in color. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs and take a right. Go forward and enter the room. Stop in the doorway to the office. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs and step into the doorway at the end on the left.  Stop in the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs straight ahead. At the bottom, turn left and stop in the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go forward and down the stairs. Stop at door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the red door. Head past the pictures and through the white door. Stop on the third step. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk toward he red door and turn left. Walk through the hallway and straight through the double doors and turn right. Stop on the third step. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit room with a bicycle and go through the door to the left. Go through the double doors.  Turn right and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs towards the hats on the wall. Go through the door on the left. Go forward and through the red door. Turn right and go toward the bicycle. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk down the stairs and through doorway on the left, continue straight through doorway with pink door straight ahead and slightly left, turn left and stop in front of the bike. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs and pass through the open door. Go down the hall and pass through the open red door. Stop and wait next to the first bicycle you see. 
rqfALeAoiTq Follow the corridor and enter the dining room. Go around the dining room table and go through the oddly angled archway. Stand at the entrance to the tv room and wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq Head to the far end of the hallway, walk past the dining table and wait inside the theater room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn towards the right and walk down the hallway towards the kitchen table. Pass the table and go through the crooked rectangular door way and then stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk around the balcony, under the overhang.  Stop where the seating areas meets the next portion of the walkway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the sitting area, wait at the end of the white couch. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the corridor, going past the couch, and stop at the next walkway, just after the couch. 
rqfALeAoiTq After you leave the art room go down the hall and make a slight left so you are at the stairs. Walk down to the third step and wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the room through the green doors, proceed down the hallway, past the large painting on the left. Then walk midway down the stairs and wait by the banister. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the room, walk down the hall and wait partway down the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit room and head downstairs.  Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and go down the stairs on the right. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the blue doorway and into the room with the stairs.  Go down the stairs to the right of the painting and go all the way down.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the kitchen into the dining room, then turn left to the stairway landing. Stop and near the window. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the yellow couches and into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and into the room on the left. Pass the table and chairs and turn left. Wait near the top of the stairs going down. 
rqfALeAoiTq Leave the living room and enter the kitchen. Leave the kitchen through the door near the stove. Go down the stairs, and take a left. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go forward to the bottom of the first staircase, continue to the top of the next staircase. Go down the stairs and stop on the third stair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go straight down the hallway.  Go down the stairs, just half way, and then stop and wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq With the green door at your back go straight down the hall and hang a left to the stairway and go down the stairs stopping on the fifth floor from the top. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go straight through the hallway then go into the double doors and go straight past the stair and wait at the entrance of the yellow double doors. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around walk out the door straight ahead. Walk down the hallway and stop when you reach the door at the end of the carpet. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk through double doors and down hallway, keep left of stairs, stop at double doors, just passed the painting on the left. 
rqfALeAoiTq Enter the house and pass by the left side of the table. Turn left and go up two steps. Go around the left side of the kitchen island. Exit the kitchen go down two steps and go stand in front of the tables and yellow couches in the center of the room. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go indoors. Turn left and go up the steps. into the kitchen. Go through the kitchen and walk toward the yellow couches. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go inside. Go up the first steps on the left. Walk through the kitchen. Stop next to the black and white rug with the yellow furniture on top of it. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs and stop at the top. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up on the stairs and stop once you reach the top. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk past the dining room chair and turn left and walk into the living room. Stop behind the black couch. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs and turn right.  Walk into the room on the left side of the dining table.  Stop once you have entered the room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs and turn right at the bathroom with the mauve door. Turn left at the stone table. Stop right at the open archway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs, turn right, walk across the room to the door, and head into the kitchen. Once you've reached the kitchen, keep walking straight until you reach the yellow chair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go upstairs to the right and into the kitchen. Walk through the kitchen, down the steps and wait in the sitting area. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs, turn right and go through the kitchen, and stop in the living room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Enter house off porch, turn slight right to avoid chair, turn left and walk up stairs, stop at counter. 
rqfALeAoiTq Head indoors, walk across the room and up the steps. Wait by the bar. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go inside the building, walk through the sitting area, walk up the two steps and wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the room towards the cabinets and the stairwell on the other side. Walk down the stairs and towards the door with the hanging hats on the wall. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and go down the stairs to the left. Stop at the bottom of the steps. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk towards the wall with the red and grey rectangles.  Take a left and go down the stairs.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the two steps passing the bed, and outside the door. Stop at the balcony in front of the yellow chair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the bed and out the door going outside.  Stop between the two stairs on the deck. 
rqfALeAoiTq Step down the two steps and continue forward. Head out into the patio.  Stop near the brown chair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk into the dining room and right past the end table. Turn left and walk down the stairs. Stop in the doorway on the left at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and go into the kitchen, at the black and red painting, descend the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit living room and head down stairs on the right.  Wait by the double doors at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the hallway opposite the white door, go straight passed the yellow chairs, go forward into the doorway leading outside and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go forward into the sunken living room. Exit onto the the patio. Stop once you enter the door to the patio. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go straight past the mustard couches on the right. Go out the door to the patio and wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the red chair and walk outside. Turn left and walk along the balcony. Stop just behind the couch. 
rqfALeAoiTq Face the windows and walk left.  Go outside and walk along the walkway with the railing on your right.  Stop where the walkway connects to a sitting area. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the step then out to the balcony and turn left then go straight until you get to white couches with red cushions. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the hall, through the sitting area and wait outside on the patio. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the hall and walk to the left of the couch. Walk past the yellow chair and stop in the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the steps and walk straight until you get to yellow couches. Walk past the yellow couches and go outside. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go through the kitchen and past the dining room to the alarm control panel near the stair case. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn slightly left and walk across the kitchen area. Exit through the doorway to the left. Walk though the room towards the yellow wall and wait by the thermostat. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the kitchen and exit through the door to the left of the range. Wait across the room at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around to walk past towards the large column. You will pass a fireplace on your right and a bed on your left. Move to the right of the column, avoiding the seating area with the tan couches. There is a short hallway where you can move forward and slightly left into a bathroom, or you can go forwards and slightly right to exit the bedroom suite into a hallway. Go out of the bedroom suite and into the hallway. Turn left to move towards the stairs that are going up. Walk along the hallway past the stairs going up and just past the large wall hanging that looks like an old fashioned admittance ticket. (This wall hanging is in the hall and on your left. It has the words "On Stage From San Francisco" on it). Move forward down this hallway and straight ahead towards the greenish double doors. Stop as soon as you are standing inside these double doors. You should be facing an office type area with light stone slab type floors. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs and leave the bedroom. Go straight down the hall next tot he stairs. Stand in the doorway next to the office. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn to the right and exit the bed and couch area leaving the wide pillar to your left.  Walk through the door and continue walking straight past the sign with the word "Loggins" on it.  Stop before entering the room with the paint splatters on the floor. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk straight on the left side of the bar continue straight through the hallway into the dining room.  Go through the crooked doorway behind the table. Stand in front of the doorway next to the potted plant. 
rqfALeAoiTq With the yellow couch at your back go straight down the hallway into the dining room and pass the dining table on your right into the living room through the door on your right stopping just inside the doorway of the living room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk passed the counter and into the hallway. Walk passed the painting with written words on it. Walk down the hall and into the room with the table and wire statues. Walk passed the dining table and into the room with a couch and red carpet. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the bathroom then turn left. Go past the stairs and straight into the room with the double yellow doors. Wait near the entrance. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the bathroom and turn left. Move forward past the stairs and wait at the office doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn left towards the door and exit out. Walk forward passing the stairs on your right. Stop outside the green door room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past bananas. Walk past wine bottle opener. Walk past bottom of carpeted stairs. Walk down concrete stairs. Wait at animal print rug. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the refrigerator and turn left. Walk past the stairs and stop in front of the chairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the refrigerator and leave the kitchen. Walk into the living room and stop in front of the black chair close to the rug on the floor. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go straight past the red couch and down the stairs. Wait about four steps from the bottom. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk around the red couch and down the stairs to the right of the blue painting.  Stop on the fourth step from the bottom. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk towards the blue painting, go downstairs and stop at the bottom stair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk between the table and dresser and at the end of the dresser, do a hard left turn and start descending the stairs. Stop when you reach the entrance to the room on your left. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go towards the dining table, and around a corner to the stairs.  Go down the stairs and stop at the door. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk past the white statue towards the table, walk to the left side of the table and turn left to face the yellow wall. Turn left and walk down the stairs at the bottom of the stairs stop in the doorway on the left. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go into the doorway to the right of the stairs going down and make a left. Go straight back to the bedroom then go outside on the porch and wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and go through the open white door. Go left and into the bedroom, and go through the door to the balcony. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk straight through the double white doors. Turn left and go into the room ahead. Exit the room onto the balcony using the door on the left. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs all the way to the bottom and wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs and wait at the very end. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs past the large black art on the left. Goal is at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Enter the room with the rectangular dining table.  Exit the room through the sliding glass door.  Wait beside statue of skateboarder. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and go toward the table and chairs. Keeping right of the table, go forward toward the glass sliding door. Stop at the exit to the tiled area outside. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk away from large black paining on the wall, down a few stairs, turn right before you pass the dining table and walk past the table, stop in the doorway of the sliding glass door straight ahead. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn to the right and follow the walkway all the way around behind the furniture. Continue all the way down the walkway and enter the door on the end to your right. Stop once you enter the door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go behind the white couch with the red cushions on the left and walk along the walkway with the railing on your left.  Keep going until you reach the door at the end and stop after stepping inside. 
rqfALeAoiTq Pass the couch with the red cushion on the right and go straight until you get to a door on the right. Go inside and wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk to the stairs. Go all the way to the bottom of the stairs and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down stairs, stop at the bottom of stairs next to painting. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and exit the area via the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs by the large painting on the wall. 
rqfALeAoiTq Leave the living room and make a right in the dining room. Then make a left to go down the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Make a right through the doorway and walk to the top of the stairs then walk down the stairs to the bottom of the stairs and wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the entryway towards the dining table in the next room. Walk towards the cabinet next to the table and towards the stairwell against the wall on the other side.Tun and walk down the stairwell to the open door at the bottom with hats on the adjacent wall. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk through the living room and past the kitchen. Then walk down the hallway and wait near the fax machine. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk inside and past the yellow couches and up the stairs.  Turn left at the bar stools and go down the hallway.  Stop in front of the fax machine in the room at the end of the hallway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Enter the house and walk through the living room past the yellow couches. Bear to the left and follow the corridor and stop next to the table with the fax machine on it. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the open door with blue entryway. Continue down the hall past the colorful painting on the wall. Walk around the concrete rounded wall and stop near the small set of steps leading down to a bedroom area. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn left and enter the bedroom. Wait next to the bed. 
rqfALeAoiTq U Turn left and go into the hallway. Continue slightly left and go straight until you get to a bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn left at the end of the stairs and go straight through the room through the door to the left of the statue.  After stepping through this doorway, go right and stop in front of the bike. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and walk towards the statue and enter the pink door to the left of statue. Once you enter the room, turn right and and go through the white walkway and stop on the other side. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk through the hallway, into the room and wait near the mini refrigerator. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go into the kitchen, passed the counter and then go straight passed the yellow chairs into the doorway leading outside, then stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk through the kitchen and stand at the entrance of the front door. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the kitchen and go straight toward the mustard couches. Go out the door straight ahead and wait in the patio. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the stairs. Turn right at the top of the stairs. Walk past the table, standing in the doorway. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs, turn right, walk pass the table and wait near the statue. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk up the stairs. At the top turn right and walk to the other side of the table. Walk out the door to go outside and stop right before you reach the statue of a kid with a helmet. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk past the stairs going up and stop in the doorway of the green double doors. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk away from the stairs, down the hallway to the left of the set of stairs leading up.Walk through the double green doors and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go straight past the staircase and stop in the doorway with the yellow double doors. 
rqfALeAoiTq Travel down the stairs, go through the door on your left and wait in the next doorway near the statue. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs then turn left and go into the room straight ahead. Wait at the entrance. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn right and go down the stairs. At the bottom turn left and head straight for the pink door in front of you. Stop once you are in the pink doorway looking into the room. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk out of bathroom. Turn hard left at double doors. Walk to foot of stairs. Wait on third step from bottom. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit bathroom to bedroom. Turn slight left and enter hallway. Turn slight right and enter stair case. Stop on 4th stair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the bathroom and turn left. Go to the staircase and climb three steps. Wait there. 
rqfALeAoiTq Wald towards the door to the outside balcony. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk across the bedroom. Exit out the door to go outside and stop once you are outside. 
rqfALeAoiTq walk down two steps and through doorway on the right of small black chair, stop before you reach yellow chair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs and turn right. Walk through the kitchen past the oven. Walk through the entryway and stop in front of the dining room table and chairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Finish going down the stairs then turn right. Go through the kitchen and into the dining room. Wait near the table with the four chairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs, and take a right. Walk through the kitchen and exit neat the stove. Go into the dining room, and stop behind the first chair. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk up the stairs. Turn hard left and move towards the painting. Turn left and enter the room. Walk towards the bed and wait. 
rqfALeAoiTq go straight to the top of the first set of stairs stairs.  Make a left go thorough the doorway. Make another left and a slight right and stop next to the fireplace in the bedroom. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go up the first flight of stairs and take a left. Go into the bedroom with the blue doorway. Stop at the top of the stairs in the bedroom while standing next to the fireplace. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk straight and exit the room. Go straight and then go up the stairs on your left. Go up five steps then stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Enter the bigger room and stand underneath the ceiling fan.  With the big bookcase to your right, exit the room and walk through the door to the left, past the black and white painting and onto darker flooring.  Walk straight until there is a staircase on your left.  Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth step from the bottom. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk past the brown chair and enter the hallway with art on its walls.  Then turn left and stand on the stairs near the hand rail. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the room, cross the dining room into the archway in the big circle, cross the kitchen area, and go into the middle of the room with the big painting and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk to the right of the large plant and out of the room. Walk around the table and chairs and through the kitchen. Stop by the yellow recliners. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and walk through the doorway. Walk around the table and into the door on the left. Go through the kitchen and stop by the yellow chairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Climb the two steps next to you and veer right, going around the column. Exit the room via the double doors to your right and head to the top of the stairs leading downwards. Stop after descending one step. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go to the top of the stairs and out the door in the same direction. Once through the door turn right and stand at the top of the stairs going to the basement. 
rqfALeAoiTq Exit the bedroom and wait at the top of the stairs on the right. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stairs and into the open door straight ahead. Walk forward until you are in front of the large photo on the wall. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk down the stair and veer right going through the blue doorway. Stop on the top step next to the fireplace in this bedroom. 
rqfALeAoiTq Start at the bottom of the stairs, head straight through the open door, in front of you directly at the bottom of the stairs,continue left next to the pillar and stop when you arrive in the bedroom with a bed directly on your right and glass windows and doors in front of you near a large tv. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the first flight of stairs, and head to the second flight of stairs. Go down one stair and stop. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go down the stairs and continue in a straight line with the wall towards your left, then stop at the top of the next set of stairs leading down. 
rqfALeAoiTq Turn around and go to the bottom of the steps. Walk forward and start to go down the next steps and stop after you go down 3 steps. 
rqfALeAoiTq Pass the table and chairs and then head straight toward the stair and wait at the top of the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Walk towards the table. Take a slight right and go straight towards the yellow wall. Stop before descending the stairs. 
rqfALeAoiTq Go inside and stop at the top of the stairs that go down. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go straight until you get to steps on the right then go down those two steps. Go past the kitchen and go out the glass sliding doors to the patio. Then go left and down the steps. Stop near the pool. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down hall and into kitchen. Walk across dining room through large glass doors and onto patio. Turn left and walk down steps.Stop when the wooden path meets gravel. 
ARNzJeq3xxb walk down the rest of the hallway towards a window with trees outside, continue past a doorway on either side of you, turn right and walk down two stairs, turn left, and walk to the left of the kitchen island, turn left after the second black chair, turn right at the cow print chair and walk outside to the left of the table, walk down the stairs on the left and stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb walk down hallway turn slight left after big painting, go straight down two steps and stop at dining table. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down the hallway with the painting on your right. Go into the room straight ahead and take a right. Stop next to the dining chair. 
ARNzJeq3xxb turn around go down the hall and go straight across to the room and stop by the table. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk carefully around the glass table into the main kitchen area. Exit out of the house using the sliding glass doors to the left and wait outside near the swimming pool gate. You may need to unlock the sliding glass door to exit the room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk towards the patio and go down the steps on the left side of the patio. Stop at the bottom of the 2 steps. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Head to the base of the short flight of two steps leading upwards. At the base of the stairs, turn right and head for the sliding glass doors leading to the outside. Exit through those sliding doors and then exit the porch via the left exit, going down three steps and then stopping. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk through the lawn passed along the pool. Continue around the pool towards the gate with glass panels. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk to the end of the pool. Turn left. Walk to the end of the grass. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk on the grass along the outside of the pool until you get to the gateway. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk up the stairs to the deck and walk to the table and chairs and inside.  Walk straight and stop near the bar stool closest to the middle of the room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn right and walk up the stairs into the outdoor cooking area. Turn right and enter the house to the left of the table. Walk straight across and stop when you reach the glass table with blue chairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk up the stairs and around the table and chairs on the patio before going inside.  Once inside, walk past the kitchen area and stop just after passing the kitchen area.  Stop next to the bar stool closest to the middle of the room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Continue down hall into kitchen. Leave kitchen into dining room, turn right and stop between table and bar. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go straight until you get to two steps. Go down those two steps then pass the kitchen and go out through the glass sliding doors and stand near the bar with the white stool. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and walk forward. Then turn in the 2nd room on your right. Once in the room turn left and exit out to the patio area. Once outside turn right and at the bar in front of the grill overlooking the pool. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit the laundry room then turn left. Turn right following the hallway. When you get to the end of the hallway, wait by the first white chair/couch. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit laundry room and turn left. Next turn right and walk down the hallway beside the long painting. Stop at the end of the painting. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn left and go down the hall. Turn right by the painting and continue. At the beginning of the next room, stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk into the kitchen and up the stairs to the right.  Then enter the laundry room on your right. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk toward the round table and chairs. Go up the stairs on the right. Turn left and then turn right. Turn right again to go into the laundry. Wait near the sink. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk to the dining table, turn right and go up the steps. Turn left at the top, then turn right. Enter the laundry room, on the right, and stop near the washer. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Facing the glass table take a right down the hallway, go straight until you're near a white chair then stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn right and walk to the end of the hall. Wait near the living room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Stand so the stairs are on your left and walk straight down the hallway.  Stop when it opens into a bigger room with some chairs and a fireplace.  Stop behind the first white chair you run into in this room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go forward past the sitting area and walk onto the patio. On the patio take a right, and stop in front of the two iron chairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down the hallway past the sofa and out the front door.  Turn right and stand on the deck. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down the hall past the painting. Continue past the bedroom. Walk towards the small gnome statue on the left. Walk out the door to the outside. Turn right. Stop on the deck next to the sansevieria plants. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk into the barbecue room straight ahead. Take a right after the table and chairs. Walk down the stairs and wait by the pool/. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk forward through the kitchen and onto the patio through the door on the left. on the patio take a right and go down the stairs. Step out of the gate and stop next to the first white planter on against the wall. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past kitchen. Walk past dart board. Walk past grill. Walk down stairs. Wait at concrete planter box. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn left and go inside. Walk straight then go up the steps on the right. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near there. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and pass the dartboard. Pass the table and turn right at the painting. Then enter the hall and turn right, then stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn right and exit the patio. Then enter living room and walk down the hall.  Turn right and stop by the bathroom. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go inside the house. Go up two stairs, go right at the first veer in the hall. Then turn right and enter the small laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Enter the house from covered bar, turn right at dining table and go up steps, turn left down hall to first right then right again to stop at washing machine. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go past the table. Go up the stairs. Turn right. Turn right again. Stop in front of sink. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go up the steps, across the driveway, and on the deck to the right. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk up the steps, and walk towards the garage. Walk up the stop on the porch, and stop in the middle of the porch. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go straight down the driveway and to the right. Go to the right of the garage door and stop on the porch. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go to your right and cross to the deck. Pass the table and the tv and stop near the tree. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn right and pass through the living room with the black chairs and flat screen TV mounted on the wall, exiting through the sliding glass door. Turn left and go down the stairs. Wait there. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go through the living room and exit the sliding glass doors. Turn left and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and enter the house. Once inside, walk across the room and past the blue table and chairs to your left. Once you pass the table, turn right and go up the 2 steps. At the top of the steps turn left and enter the hallway. Once you walk into the hallway, turn right in the first doorway to your right and stop halfway down the hallway. 
ARNzJeq3xxb From balcony enter house, walk across living room to dining room. Walk up steps and into hall, turn right stopping between laundry room and bathroom. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Enter the building, then go to the dining room area, up the small set of stairs, turn left, and take the first right down the corridor.  Stop between the bathroom and the laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk out the door in front of you. Once outside turn right and walk down off the wood. Turn left and then left again. Walk across the driveway and walk through the opening between the bushes. Once you step off onto the tile patio stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk outside and take a right. Take a left in the driveway and walk to the stone and dirt patio. Stop once you are on the stone at the bottom of the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk through the door to go outside. Turn right and walk across the patio. Step off the patio and turn left. Walk across the concrete driveway towards the hedge.  Turn left and angle towards the opening between the two purple flowering bushes. Wait between them. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit the sitting room, walk down the hall with the painting on your right, enter the laundry room to the left of the doorway at the end of the hall, wait at the sink. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Leave the sitting room and walk down the hall with the painting on your right. Take the first left, and enter the laundry room on your right. Stop next to the sink. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn and head down the hallway with the large piece of artwork on the right wall. Turn to your left and enter into the laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and walk through the sliding window onto the covered patio. Walk towards the right end of the covered patio and go down the steps. Open the glass door, walk through the door and stop just past the glass door. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit the house using the glass sliding doors on the right. Turn right and walk all the way down until you get to steps. Go down the steps then turn left and wait near the pool. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past the kitchen island and the black chair outside. walk out onto the patio and past the island. Walk down the stairs and turn left. Stop by the pool. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk over the outdoor deck past the table and into the open entryway into the home. Walk through the living room between the armchairs and kitchen counter turn the corner up the small set of step leading to a hallway. Walk down the hall and turn into the laundry room with a waching machine and sink inside. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk into the house off the patio and go up the stairs on the right. Up the stairs take a left and  a right. Next take a right into the laundry room. stop next to the machine closest to the door. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past dart board. Walk past tv room. Walk up stairs. Make left at top of stair landing. Make right through open pocket door. Wait at washing machine. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go up the porch steps and enter the building. Wait inside the front door. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk up to the house and go into the house using the front door then stop by the entrance. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Take a right and then another right when you get to the house. Take a left and wait just inside the house. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk to the patio door and exit. Take a right on the patio. Stop behind the chair closest to the bar area. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Cross the room and to the left of the counter with chairs and then straight to the sliding glass door and step in between the table and the counter with the sink in it and stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past the table and the living room. Walk through the sliding glass door and stop on the deck. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Position yourself so that the wine rack is behind you and the glass table and chairs is in front of you.  Start walking around the table and up the stairs and go through the door on the left.  After passing through the doorway, walk right and stop in between two doors opposite each other.  The door on the left is a bathroom and the door on the right is a laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past the dining room table and chairs and turn left. Stop outside the bathroom. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Cross the dining area opposite the wine case and go up the stairs and left into the archway, make a right and stop between the laundry room and the bathroom. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go around the black chairs, go up the stairs, make a left and then a right into the hallway, step between the laundry room and the bathroom and stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk around the back of the two black chairs on the right. Walk past the round glass top table and turn right, walking up the two stairs. Turn left to walk down the hallway, then turn right at the first chance and walk down that hallway. Wait near the laundry room entrance. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk out of the living room heading in the direction of the dining room. Go up the stairs. Stop outside the door to the laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn to look down the hallway with a large grey, white, and red painting on the wall.  Walk down that hallway, then turn left.  You will be able to see the washer and dryer from here.  Take a few steps forward until you are in the middle of the hallway directly between the opening to the bathroom on your right, and the laundry room on your right and stop there. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn 90 degrees clockwise and walk all the way down the hallway towards the laundry room. Stop just outside the laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk through the hallway, turn left and wait by the laundry room door. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and walk down the hallway, walk through the doorway in front of you and stop at the counter in the next room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down the hallway, going across another hallway that leads to the laundry room. Enter the kitchen area. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down the hallway and turn left. Go down the steps and wait in the kitchen. 
ARNzJeq3xxb walk in front of white chairs, turn left at window and right again, walk out door turn right and stop in front of black chairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past two white leather recliners.  Face the white dresser, and then turn right to head out the door.  Make another right and walk to end of the porch.  Wait here. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn left ninety degrees.  There is a window in front of you.  Walk towards the window.  When you get to the window, turn left ninety degrees.  Walk towards the white dresser until there is a doorway on your right.  Turn ninety degrees right.  Walk through the doorway.  Once you are through the doorway, turn ninety degrees to your right.  Walk outside over the wood deck until you reach the concrete driveway.  You should be facing a fence, and there is a garage to your right. 
ARNzJeq3xxb turn right and continue down hall, stop at end of hall. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Leave the bedroom and take a right in the hallway. Walk down the hall and stop behind the beige leather chair. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Move forward to hallway. Turn right down hallway. Move to end of hallway and wait. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go up the two steps then turn right and go down the hallway and turn right into the laundry. Wait by the sink. 
ARNzJeq3xxb walk away from kitchen up the two stairs on the right, turn left and walk out of doorway and turn right, turn right at first doorway and stop infront of washing machine. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk away from the kitchen and up the steps.  Turn to the left and go through the walkway on your right.  Walk towards the laundry room.  Turn right and stop just inside the laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down the hallway so that the picture is on your right hand side. Take a left and walk towards the wall with a flower pot. Walk down the stairs and stop once you hit the bottom. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Leave the sitting area and go down the hall. Go into the kitchen straight ahead. Go down the stairs, and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk down the hall and turn left into the dining area. Stop next to the brown, black, and white painting on the wall, near the glass dining table. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and go up the steps to the right of the table with blue chairs. At the top turn left and enter the hallway then turn right into the first doorway on the right. Stop in the middle with a door on each side. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go straight past the kitchen and dining room area go up the steps on the right. Turn left and then turn right. Wait there. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go past the chair and table. Head up the stairs and go left. Go right and stop between the two doors. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk along the balcony and enter the house through the door. Go forward passing the living room on the right. Go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Enter the house and walk up the stairs. Wait next to flower vase. 
ARNzJeq3xxb With the BBQ preparation area to your left, go forward and then left through the sliding glass doors. Walk into the room parallel to the grain on the wooden floors until you can climb a set of two stairs to your right just before the wall. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk towards the stairs, go up them.  Turn to the right and go into a laundry room.  Stand right just inside the doorway.  Wait there. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past the glass dining table to two steps ahead.. Climb the steps and enter the hallway on the left. Turn right and walk to the first door on the right. Enter the laundry room and wait by the first machine on the left. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Facing the stairs go straight and up the stairs taking a left on the landing and take a right into the next hallway and take a right into the laundry room stopping in front of the first machine by the door. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk up the stairs to the blacktop and walk all the way across.  Turn right and step onto the deck.  Walk to the front door and walk into the building then stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go up the three steps then turn right and then right again and go into the house using the front door on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk across driveway onto porch. Turn left and enter the house. Stop inside the house next to the gnome statue that is flipping me off. 
ARNzJeq3xxb step off porch towards garage door, turn left and walk to bushes. turn left and walk to flowers, turn slight right and stop on brick path. 
ARNzJeq3xxb walk  off the porch and take a left. Walk forward on the paved area and go past the purple flowers, and go down the stairs.Stop on the bricks at the bottom of the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go down the stairs past the door mat.Turn left and go between the purple flower bushes. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk out of the room toward the fireplace.  Turn left and walk forward to the large painting on the wall.  Turn left and walk down the hallway.  Stop when you reach the end of the hallway, before you reach a four-way junction. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit the office via the door. Take a left and then another left into the corridor. Walk down the corridor. Stop before the doors. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit the room and take two hard right turns and then go down the narrow hallway. Stop when you reach the end of the hallway which will be a four way intersection. 
ARNzJeq3xxb walk down hallway with large painting on your right, walk to the end of the hallway and turn right and stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past the splatter painting on the right. Walk straight towards the black vase on top of the half wall. Walk down stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and face the hallway. Go to the end of the hallway and turn left toward the kitchen. Enter the doorway to your left and you are in the kitchen/dining room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go to the gate on the right side of the pool. open the gate and wait at the bottom of the wooden steps. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk counter clockwise around the pool and step through the fence on the other side onto the wood of the deck.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs leading up to a table and chairs.  Don't go up the stairs, just stop at the bottom. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk alongside of the pool an turn left to continue following the pool. Walk forward and enter the small glass door and stop in the patio area. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk clockwise around the pool and stop after passing the two lounge chairs on the other side. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk around the pool and stop by the plant closest to the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and walk in between the pool and the hot tub. Once you pass them, turn right and stop in front of the outside shower on the wall. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk to the right around table and enter house through sliding door. turn slight left and walk across living room to dining room. Turn right and walk up two steps, stop at top of steps. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go indoors and pass the living room and the kitchen. Go up the two steps on the right and wait there. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn around and go through the large entryway behind the large table with chairs. Once you enter the house walk to the left past the kitchen and then turn right. Turn left and stop facing down the hallway. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Move through the kitchen towards the glass door leading outside. Walk through the open glass door and then towards the outside area. Go down the steps and wait there. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk forward with the dining room table on your right and into the kitchen. In the kitchen take a  left and walk towards the patio. On the patio go to your left and take a right and go down the stairs. Stop at the landing at the bottom of the stairs. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn to the right and walk to the bar, and then outside.Walk down the porch stairs on your left, and stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk past leather chair with striped lumbar pillow. Make a left down the hallway, and walk past the splatter painting. Wait at the end of the wall covered in plaid wallpaper. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit the sitting area and stop at the end of the hallway by the painting. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk into hallway and go straight. Stop at Hallway showing laundry room. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go up the steps and down the hallway on the left. Wait in the sitting room at the end of the hall. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Walk up the two stairs on your left, walk down hallway, stop at the next living area on the right. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Turn right and walk up the steps. Turn right and walk along the hallway with a painting to the left. Wait behind the white sofa. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go up the stairs and through the doorway, go straight through the hallway till you get to the end of the picture on the left and then stop. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Go up the small flight of stairs and take a left down the hallway. Stop at the end of the painting on your left. 
ARNzJeq3xxb Exit the dining area, and walk down the hall next to the painting on the left. Wait in the entrance to the room with the fireplace. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bedroom and take a left. Go past the stairs and take a left into the TV room. Past the TV room go into the hallway and take a right into the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past stairwell. Walk past tv room. Make right into bedroom. Wait at mirrored closet doors. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Come out of the bedroom and follow the hallway around to the right and wait in the guest bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit bedroom turn right and stop in living room on rug. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bedroom and turn right. Step next to the grey counter with the large king and queen chess pieces. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk around the foot of the bed to exit the room. When you leave the room, turn right and walk into the living room to wait. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Make right after four wall mirrors. Make left into bedroom. Wait in closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the laundry room and make your first right. Next go into the bedroom on the left. Wait in the doorway of the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the laundry room and go straight into the entryway of the living room. Make a slight right and go into the bedroom on the left. When in the bedroom make a right and wait in front of the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj walk past bed, turn right before dresser, walk straight and into doorway to bathroom on left walk past bathtub and shower and stop in doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room using the door on the far left to go into the bathroom. Pass the sink and the tub and wait near the toilet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Enter the en suite bathroom and wait in the doorway to the toilet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past chair to exit living room, walk past room divider and turn right, walk to the end and turn right, walk in bedroom and wait at picture on the wall. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room and walk to the right. Pass the stairs and turn right. Enter the bedroom and wait by the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk towards the stairs, and through the doorway directly left of it. Walk into the room, and stop when you are next to the dresser. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit laundry room, turn right into bedroom. Stop next to bed. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and exit into the sitting room. Once you are in the sitting room, turn right and then enter the door on the right. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the laundry room, go straight and then make a right at the wall corner. . Turn into the first bedroom on your right and then stop just as you enter. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk upstairs and wait at the top. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn left and walk up the stairs, then wait at the top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and walk left going up the stairs.  Stop when you get to the top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk into the bathroom and walk past the sink. Walk through the open door and continue through the room on the other side. Walk past the cabinet and mirror wall art. Turn the corner past the wall mirror art and walk into the bedroom with a small bed and black drapes on the windows. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk out of the bathroom and walk right. Walk into the hallway past the television and turn right to walk into the bedroom and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and exit the bathroom.  Turn right into the hallway.  Enter the bedroom on the right and wait next to the large mirror. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk around the table, pass the stairs, and through the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the coffee table and stairs. Stop just past the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj With the couch on your right go forward past the couch and the stairs and go into the hallway that is past the stairs and stop in the hall past the stairs with the black door on your right side. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom and take a right. Turn right and stop next to the couch. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj enter the door turn right then turn right again, walk forward until you reach the sofa. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Take a right in the dining room and walk toward the TV room. Stop next to the couch. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj exit laundry room, turn left, walk past stairs and through the doorway on the right, stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the laundry room. Move down the hallway to the right. Wait inside the bedroom door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the laundry room and take a left. Enter the bedroom past the stairs. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit through black bedroom door.  Turn left and walk straight past the stairway.  Enter the first door on the right.  Wait near sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and exit the bedroom through the door. Turn left, go past the stairway and then turn right into the bathroom. Wait in front of the mirror. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj walk forward exit the room then turn left, walk again then turn right enter the bathroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and exit the room. Turn hard left and enter the bathroom. Wait by the mirror and sink inside the bathroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom, turn left and enter the bathroom.  Wait near the sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit room and turn left. go straight through the door on the left. Stop in front of the sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk toward the bed then turn left. Pass the bed and the dresser and go into the bathroom on the left. Walk past the tub and the sinks then turn left and go into the closet. Wait there. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj make a left turn, go into the bathroom on the left, make another left turn and stop at the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Enter the bedroom and then enter the bathroom. Wait in the closet on the left. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the fridge on the right. Walk past the dining table on the left. Wait at the pierced white vase near the thermostat on the wall. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk across kitchen and through dining room into butler's pantry stop at painting and counter top. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn towards the left and walk forward past the wood table with 4 chairs. Continuing forward until you are even with the second cabinet on the right with the two handles, stop here and wait. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk straight past the table and chairs. Turn slightly right and walk toward the oven. Wait near the glass door that leads to the patio. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the table and chairs and to the right of the island. Stop in front of the door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go past the circle table. Head past the island. Stop in front of the oven and the door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Take a right at the table and walk up the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj FACING A WALL MOUNTED TV FLANKED BY END TABLES AND LAMPS WITH A STAIRCASE TO THE RIGHT TURN SLIGHTLY RIGHT AND WALK TO THE STAIR CASE, TURN RIGHT AND WALK UP THE STAIRS, WALK TO THE LANDING AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRCASE. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the sitting area and go up the stairs.  Stop once you get to the top. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs and turn left. Walk left past the end table. Walk into the bedroom on the left. Turn right and stop just inside the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn right and go past the black and metal barriers. Then turn left and walk through the room with the wooden cabinets. On the other side beside the rock n rock painting is 2 doors. Enter the bedroom door on the left. Once in the bedroom walk right and stop inside the door to the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs and turn left.  Walk past the living room and enter the bedroom on the left.  Then walk into the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom through the door nearest you and turn left. Continue forward past the stairs on your left and turn left when you're near the wall decorated with four domed mirrors. Walk forward until you're standing on the rug. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom. Go toward the mirror art. Go to the rug in front of the television. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit bedroom, make a left and walk past stair case, make a left, walk toward living area, and wait. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the closet.Turn right to exit the bathroom.Wait in the bedroom near the white lamp. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the closet and walk through the bathroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Enter the bathroom on the right. Turn right again towards the tub, and walk forward towards the bedroom. Enter the bedroom, and stop there. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go passed the stairs on your left, Go passed the counter on your left, then make a right and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn towards the stairs and continue down the hallway. Take a slight left and continue straight past the right of the rock and roll poster. Face the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the stairs and around the corner to the sitting area on the left.  Instead of walking into the sitting area, walk into the alcove with a door on either side.  Stop in between the two doors in the middle of the alcove. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room and walk past the stairs. Wait in the room that's next to the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Head down the hallway, pass the stairs to the bedroom on the right. Stop and wait near the artwork. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room. Turn left and go straight until you get to stairs on the right Pass the stairs then turn right and go into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go passed the bed and through the door on the right. Then go right and stop in front of the couch. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bedroom and go left. Go to the sitting area with the TV. Stop next to the striped chair. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom, make a left into the living room, take a step onto the rug and then stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go passed the sink and take a left turn. Go straight by the table and left on to the mat. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom. Go to the TV and stop right before you reach it, next to the rock and roll picture on the wall. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom and walk all the way toward the couches that are facing a large tv and wait there. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room, and wait in the bedroom across the hall. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj face away from nightstand and walk straight through doorway, walk straight through next doorway and stop before you reach the bed. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom through the door on the right. Enter the bedroom directly ahead. Wait by the bed. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Face the stairwell. About 60 degrees on your right is a door that is about 20 feet away. Go towards the room and enter it. The destination is just 3 feet directly ahead in the room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn left. Go past the living room into the hallway. Go into the room on the left. Wait near the bed. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go left at the top of the stairs. Walk past the sitting area and enter the bedroom on the left. Stop once you pass the door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn slightly to your right and walk up the flight of stairs. Take a left at the top of the stairs. Walk towards the 4 mirrored art pictures on the wall ahead of you. Once you get to those, rotate to the left and walk forward past the lounging chair and then stop on the bottom right side of the gray and white striped rug. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go up the stairs. Turn left. Turn left and wait near the couches. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs to the top and turn left.  Walk into the living room and wait near the sofa. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the room going to the left. Take a left into the bedroom on the left. In the bedroom walk to the closet and stop in the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk through the living room area past the television and couch. Walk into the hallway straight ahead and turn the immediate corner. Walk into the bedroom that is on the opposite side of the wall from the living room area. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the TV room, and take a left. Enter the bedroom on the left. Stop in front of the closet door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk forward passing the bed. Turn right and exit the bedroom. Turn left, and stop on top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk across the bedroom and make a right to exit the room by the dark door near the three gold prints of plants.  Walk into the hallway , and make a left.  Stop at the top of the staircase, which will on your lefthand side. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Stand facing the white vase and then turn right.  When you enter the open room, turn right and walk all the way through the room until you reach the windows on the opposite side.  Once you get here, turn right again and stop at the base of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom, turn right and go through the living area, at the lamp make a right and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bathroom and take a right in the kitchen. Pass the living room and stand in front of the stairs on the right. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Slight left towards white couch. Walk straight toward dining area making a left after the tables towards the back door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past stairs. Turn slight left and walk past white couch. Continue to doorway on left wall. Enter room. Stop in front of door marked Private. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn left and pass the couches on the right. Pass the round table and then turn left. Wait near the white vase on the right. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj go up the stairs then turn right, walk straight then turn right and wait at the front of the bed. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go up the stairs. Turn right and then right again into the room then stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Move forward up the stairs, turn right and enter the bedroom. Wait just inside the room in front of the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom, go right passed the counter with the globe on it, go straight into the intersection and go into the bedroom on the left, step into the closet doorway and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom and turn right. Walk towards the sitting area and turn right. In the door way to the bedrooms turn left. Walk to the door of the closet and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go out through the door, and turn right and go into the left bedroom. Go to the closet and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the flight of stairs to the top. Turn and walk through the open door to the bathroom with the painting of a tree. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs.  At the top of the stairs, make a left and walk to the first doorway on your right.  Go through this doorway, and you will be in a bathroom.  Stop in front of the bathroom mirror. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs and take a left. Enter the bathroom through the first door on your right. Stop in front of the sink on your left. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs, and take a left. Go into the laundry room which is the second door on your right. Stop in the doorway to the laundry room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs, turn left, stop between laundry and bedroom door on your left. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs, turn left and wait in the laundry room doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the living room, make a right and head down the hallway. Enter the bathroom. Wait by the mirror in the bathroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and walk into the bathroom on the right. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk across the room and hallway. Stop in the bathroom in front of the sinks. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit closest. Turn left to bedroom exit. Exit bedroom. Turn right. Enter living room stopping just before the chair. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit bedroom to hall, turn right and stop in the middle of the living room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom and enter the living room.  Wait near the chair. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk towards the dining table.  Continue past the dining table, and wait near the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj walk towards the table and chairs. stand in front of the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Indoors walk towards the dining table.  Walk between the table and the counter on the right. Stop at the end of the counter and the doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave laundry room to living room. walk into bedroom on left. Stop inside closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk towards the counter with the tic-tac-toe board and turn right. Walk through the doorway to the bedroom on the left side. Step into the entrance to the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk out of the laundry room and stop. Turn right and walk into the room on the left. Walk past the bed and turn right. Stop in the doorway of the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and enter the hall. Continue pass the stairs and the counter top. Stop near the tv. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk out of the bedroom and left past the stairs. Stop in the hallway between the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj turn left, and stop between the two bedrooms. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj walk across dining room into living room straight to stairs. stop at bottom of stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk between the breakfast bar and the dining table. Make a right, and walk past the sofa. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk behind the white couch. Wait at the foot of the stairs to your right. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the bathroom sinks and out the door. Turn left and walk past the stairs. Turn right and wait in the doorway to the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom, walk past the stairs and wait in the bedroom on the right. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn and walk out the bathroom door. Make two sharp left turns. Walk past the stairs to the bedroom doorway. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Wait by the picture. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk down the hall and past the stairs and turn left. Walk past the couch and stop just past the plant. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk down hall turning left into living room. Continue to dining room and stop at table with white vase. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the stairs and turn left. Stop between the large green plant in a black pot and the black circular table with four chairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs and turn right. Walk past the living room and continue into the bedroom on the right. Stop when you enter the room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go up the stairs and take a left. Go forward passing the TV room. At the end of the walkway take a left into the bedroom. Stop next to the door inside the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Finish walking up the stairs. Turn left and walk towards the northernmost and leftest room. Wait by the entrance of the bedroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bathroom and walk straight in the direction of the TV room. In the TV room take a right and then take a left into the bedroom. Stop inside the bedroom in front of the door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj exit bathroom to hall, turn slight right towards living room, turn slight right and enter bedroom, stop before bed by picture on wall. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past double vanity. Walk into tv room. Walk past double mirrors. Wait at bedroom door threshold. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom through the door and leave the hallway with a slight left angle. Move towards the bathroom, go through the doorway and wait near the sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room and head left past the living room towards the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk out of bedroom and turn right. Walk down hallway to bathroom on left. Wait in bathroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and walk through the door. Walk forward and once you reach the living room, turn right. Then enter the door to your left and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk out of the laundry room and turn right past the television. Walk into the bedroom on the left and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk out of the laundry room through the door into a front entry area. Walk past the cabinet and around the corner with framed mirrors on the wall. Walk into the door ahead that leads to a bedroom with soccer themed art on the walls. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk all the way up the stairs, and stop at the top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn to your left. You will see a staircase. Go up the stairs 17 steps to the top of the staircase. once there you have reached your location. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go up one flight of stairs and arrive at the top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room and turn right then go into the bathroom. It is the second door from the left and wait by the sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go through the middle doorway through a main room and wait in the bathroom doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn right and take a couple steps, then turn left and walk towards the bathroom. Wait near the bathroom sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go straight and exit the room. Go straight into the other room. Turn right and go into the closet on the right. Wait there. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room through the door on the left at the foot of the bed and walk into the room directly across from the doorway of the room you start off in.  Enter the opposite bedroom and walk past the foot of the bed and into the closet.  Stop in the doorway of the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go past bed and out of the room. Continue straight into next room. Stop at entrance to the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the room. Turn left and then turn left again. Go into the second room on the left. Wait near the sinks. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj leave the room exit the door turn left then enter the second door on your front stop at the bathroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj exit the bedroom, turn left, make another left turn and stop inside the bathroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj After you leave the laundry room walk towards the sitting room and make a slight right. Go into the bedroom on the left and wait in the closet doorway. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go around the corner of the living room then ahead into the door on the left into the bedroom, then turn right and go into the door against the wall leading into the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Head right, past the television into the bedroom with a white dresser. Turn right and wait in the closet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bedroom and walk down the hallway to your left. Walk into the sitting area and stop on the rug with the striped chair on your left side. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom and walk past the stairs. Turn left and wait on the rug near the TV. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Take a left out of the bedroom, walk through hallway, walk into room  on the left with television, stop right as your steph on the gray and white carpet. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk through the kitchen and living room, turn left and then a quick right. Walk past the stairs and wait by the door on the right. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj With the doors to the outside on your left, move forward and exit the room at the opposite corner next to the stairs leading upwards. Stop just past the base of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn right and walk through living room and past the fireplace.  Stand near the bottom of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn left and wait by the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom, then turn right to walk past the foot of the bed on your left. Turn right again to exit the bedroom. Then turn left and walk to the top of the stairs on your left. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bathroom toward the room. Turn right and go out the door on the right. Turn left and then stop near the top of the stairs. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Turn left, then exit the bedroom. Turn right and walk down the hall. Enter the bathroom and wait in front of the vanity. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the closet and then exit the bedroom. Turn right and then go the left around the corner. Go into the bathroom and stop in front of the vanity sink. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Leave the bathroom, and bedroom. Veer left, and take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink on the left. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Enter the bedroom and wait in the en suite bathroom. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk inside the room, and turn left. Walk forward passing the bed, and then turn left towards the bathroom. Enter inside the bathroom, and stop there. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go right into the bedroom, and go into the bathroom in the back left corner. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the stairs on the left. Walk past the bathroom, and then wait in the threshold of the laundry room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Exit the bedroom, turn left and walk past the stairs. Stop in the doorway to the laundry room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk into the hallway area and walk around the banister railing past the stairwell. Continue down the hall and turn in the open door near the corner with a washer and dryer inside. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go up the stairs and take a left. Walk forward and go left into the television area. Walk down the hall to the right of the TV and enter the bedroom on the right. Stop once you are past the door in the room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up stairs then turn left. Walk down to end of hall then turn right into bedroom. Wait there. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk up the stairs, turn left, walk through the living room, turn right, enter the bedroom wait at the bed. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk straight and pass the round table and chairs. Turn left and go into the room next door. Wait near the white vase on the right. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go around the couch towards the pictures on the wall, turn right, pass the dining table, turn left through the doorway. Wait in front of the dark colored door. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj walk in front of couch towards two pictures hanging on wall, turn right walk past dining table towards cabinets, turn left and walk through hallway, stop in front of white vase. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk through the door on the left of the stairs. Stop in the bedroom once you enter the room. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Go passed the stairs on your right, take a step into the bedroom and stop. 
YFuZgdQ5vWj Walk past the stairs into the bedroom. Stop before you reach the pictures on the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go down the steps, turn left, then right, walking towards the kitchen. Stop in front of the refrigerator. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go towards the couches, then turn to pass in front of the stairway and go down the hall, and turn right at the first opening.  Go through the opening and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk past the railings on the left. Turn left and walk straight along the hallway in front of you.Turn right and walk past the oven on the right. Wait next to the large refrigerator on the right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the laundry room and take a right. Walk down the hall and take a left into the living room.  Stop in the living room behind the couch and the white end table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 go away from the wash room towards the living room, go past the kitchen into the lviing room. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the laundry room and turn right once out the door.  Walk down the hallway past the door to the left and then past the door to the right and turn left into the living room. Stop just past the tile line that is closest to the sofa and on the line between the sofa and the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk up the stairs then turn left entering the living room.  Walk past the dining room table and walk up the stairs on the left. Wait near the bench. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Finish going up the stairs. Turn left and go up the stairs on the left. Wait near the metal bench on the right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the rest of the stairs and to the sitting area with the white couches.  Walk past them and the table and go up the stairs on the other side of the railing.  Keep going straight until you get to the picture of the boy with a scuba mask on.  Stop in front of this artwork. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and walk through the living room past the fireplace. Stand at the top of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go towards the fireplace. Wait on the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn to the right and go passed the white couches and the table. Go into the entry on the left and stop at the top of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go down the set of steps to the right, then turn around to the other side of the handrail and step in between the rail and the table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go down the stairs on the left, go passed the kitchen table and stop at the end of it. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the stairs, turn hard right and wait by dining table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the room through the door and walk forward past the picture of the tree. Stop when you enter the bedroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit current room, make a right and walk toward bedroom and wait at bedroom entrance. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the closet. Walk straight and exit the bathroom into the room. Wait near the bed. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go down the hallway to the left, make a right, then stop next to the single light switch on the left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the hall and turn right. Stop just outside the living room. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Please proceed straight down the hallway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and go up the stairs in front of you. Walk forward and then turn left and stop on the first step. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go to the stairs and walk up them to the first landing. wait on the first step of the next set of stairs after the landing. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs. Walk along the balcony and go to the large three stairs. Stop on the first stair. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Follow the railing clockwise, going down a few steps, and stop a few feet to the left of the framed art over a bench. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and walk down the stairs. Wait next to the potted plant. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go down the stairs and take a right. Stop at the bottom of the first flight of stairs, next to the man in the scuba mask. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Head towards the stairs and go down. Stop at the bottom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk straight past the white couches, down the stairs.  Wait by the blue and red painting on the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and go down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs turn left and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom, walk to the kitchen, wait by the refrigerator. 
UwV83HsGsw3 exit bathroom, turn left, turn right, stop by sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the bathroom, turn left, and then an immediate right. Wait by the kitchen sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and go up the stairs. Turn left and wait near the table and chairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk up the steps and turn left. Walk toward the stairs and stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs, and go left, towards the stairs. Stop next to the dining table, before you reach the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk into the living area slightly to your right. Walk straight past the furniture, then follow the path of the room, which curves slightly to left. Stop just before the entrance to the bar. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk passed the metal sculpture on the podium into the living room area. Walk around the couches then along the glass wall towards the metal globes on the shelf. 
UwV83HsGsw3 enter living room turn slight right towards window wall. turn left and stop before entering dining room. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn right, walk straight down the hallway to the last door on your right. Enter the bathroom door and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the laundry room and take a right. Go down the hall and take a right. Enter the bathroom by entering the second door on the right. Stand in front of the towel on the rack. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the laundry and turn right.  Walk down the hall, turn right and enter the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go passed the bed and into the hallway, go the right and stop right before the bed. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bedroom and turn right, walking parallel to the stairs.  Enter the other bedroom and walk towards the foot of the bed.  Stop a foot left of the horse artwork on the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the room using the door on the left then turn right and head down the hallway. Go into the room straight ahead and wait near the bed. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk with the scuba diver art on your left. Go down the stairs and stop as soon as you get off the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down stairs. Walk past the metal bench. Walk down stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right at bottom of stairs and walk to next set of stairs. Walk down them and stop at base of stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 turn right and go down the hallway and then stop right by the double doors about 3/4 downs the hallway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go down the narrow hallway until you are past the thermostat. Wait there before the end of the hallway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down hallway towards picture frame on wall. Wait in front of picture frame on wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the room and stop outside in the hallway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk past the bathroom and to the right. Stop just outside the bedroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk past the foot of the bed towards the mirrors.  Turn right and walk out of the room.  Stop after leaving the room. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go through the door to the right of the mirror. Go down the hallway to the room with the white couch. Turn left and stop at the edge of the white couch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 exit bedroom to hallway. Follow hallway straight to end. Enter living room and turn slight left. Stop behind couch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the bedroom and take a right. Walk down the hall way and into the living room. Stop behind the couch and the round white table to the right of it. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Head out of the bedroom towards the hallway and take the first door on the left. Stop after getting into the other bedroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and go pass the bed into the hallway, continue down the hall until you reach a bedroom on your right with a black and white pillow, stop just in the doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the room through the hallway door, then turn left into the doorway. Wait by the night stand. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk towards the red statue. Enter the door to the left of the statue. Once inside, walk forward and then turn right. Once you turn right, turn another quick right and walk towards the walkway above the room. Stop right before you reach the step up and the large painting on the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the sidewalk towards a wire structure shaped like a person and turn left. Go through the glass doors and enter the building . Follow the wall on your right and you will see three small steps. Go up onto the first step and wait. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn left at statue and enter house.Turn hard right and stop on stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the dining room and take a left at the stairway. Take the next left and go into the bathroom. Stop once you enter the bathroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk past the chairs. Take a left and walk past the stairs and into the doorway. Take a left and wait in the bathroom in front of the sinks. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk just past the bottom of the stair. Turn left. Walk past the stairs and turn left into the first doorway. Wait by the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn to your right and then go left up the walkway and stop in front of the bench that is on your right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk up the stairs. Stop in front of the metal bench on your right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the first flight of stairs, and then forward to the center picture. 
UwV83HsGsw3 walk past metal bench, down three stairs, turn left, first left and stop in bathroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk passed the rail on the right. Turn left into the hall and go into the bathroom on the left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go forward toward the living room. Take the first left before you go down stairs. In the hall take a left into the bathroom. Stop in front of the flower on the counter. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bedroom and wait in the room on the left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk through the bedroom passed the base of the bed. Walk through the open door into the hallway. Turn and walk towards the living room area and stop near the glass coffee table with a vase on top. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk towards the mirrors. Turn right and walk out the room and turn left and walk towards the switches on the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Continue straight along dark grey walkway.  Walk down two steps.  Wait by doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Move forward, wait near the doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Proceed on the walkway towards the doorway keeping the rail on your right. Stop just before reaching the doorway and wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 With the conference table to your right, head towards the stairs ahead of your and slightly to the left, then go down the stairs. Stop at the bottom of the stairs in front of the abstract artwork on the wall to your left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk behind the chair and turn right. Walk down the stairs and turn left. Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn left and walk past the table, then turn right and walk down the stairs to the bottom. Wait  near the art work. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and walk past the shower and sink area. Once past the sinks, turn left and stop close to the white flowers in the middle of floor. Face the mirror and closet. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom. Stop next to the mirror with the white flowers on the ground in front of it. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight,pass the shower and the sinks then when you get to a black and white painting of a tree and a lady in a dress turn left to go into the closet on the left. Wait at the entrance. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk through the kitchen in between the island and stove. Walk towards the fire place and stand behind the black leader chair next to the white table with the bird on it. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk forward and turn right at the end of the sink faucet. Walk forward, and turn left towards the living room, and stop in front of the black cushioned chair or sofa. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk through the kitchen and turn right. Walk Behind the chair to the left and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the bathroom, and take a right. Walk past the stairs, and take the first right at the dining table. Stop behind the second chair. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom. Turn right and go past the stairs on the right. Turn right and wait near the table and chairs with the white flowers. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom and then turn right, walking past the three steps leading upward. Turn right again after the steps and walk forward until you're centered on the table to your left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom, turn right, go up the stairs, turn left and stop before going up the next steps. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bathroom area into the hallway and then into the living room area. Walk up the small set of steps and down the hall. Walk up the next set up steps following the banister rail. Stop near the grey abstract painting on the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom and go right until you reach the stairs. Turn right and go up three steps. Go straight and then up the first step on the left. Wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit bathroom, turn right at pole, turn right and walk up the three stairs, stop in front of bench. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk up the stairs to the right and wait near the metal bench. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Turn right and walk up the stairs. Stop in front of the metal bench. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk left past the picture and the stairs. Turn right and stop next to the conference table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go through the hallway opposite the white picture, make a right passed the stairs and wait near the table with chairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 From kitchen walk to dining room, turn right and stop behind the middle chair. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the hallway along the stairs. Stop next to the painting on your left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bedroom and move through the hallway. Stop just after you pass the stairway on your right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk straight and wait in front of the second picture that is on the left wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bedroom down the hall. Turn into the last door on the right before the living room. Stop after moving into the doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hall. Turn right and walk into the bathroom and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bedroom and go straight down the hallway, passing all doors until the last one on the right. Enter the bathroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the closet, go straight, past the shower and turn left to go by the sinks.  Turn to the right and go into the bedroom. Stop by the nightstand and wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the closet and walk out of the bathroom. Leave the bathroom through the door on the right and stop in the doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the closet and into the bathroom. Take a right after the sink and wait on the carpet. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the staircase and down the three stairs.Turn left and go into the hallway. Walk into the bathroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the stairs and turn left at the bottom.  Turn left again and step into the bathroom, stopping in front of the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Continue down the stairs and turn to the right and continue forward until you reach the bottom of a set of three shallow steps. Turn left around the corner and enter the bathroom through the door on your left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk past the table and chairs and make a sharp turn left. Walk up the steps and stop in front of the metal bench. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Pass the table and chairs. Make a left U Turn and go up the steps. Walk straight until you get to a bench on the right and wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the length of the table and make a U-turn to the left.  Go up the stairs with the railing on your left and stop in front of some artwork with a boy with a scuba mask on. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the bedroom, and go straight down the hall. Take a left into the bedroom. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go out the door on the left and into the next bedroom on the left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom. Turn left and go out the door on your left. Turn left on the next door. Wait near the night table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 go straight down the hallway, enter the bedroom. turn right.  stop in the bathroom door way. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the corridor to the right and enter the bedroom.  Turn to your right and stop in front of the bathroom door. 
UwV83HsGsw3 walk down hall, turn slight right and enter bed room, turn hard right and walk toward bathroom and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Take a left and go down the hallway along the stairs. Enter the bedroom at the end of the hall. In the bedroom stop at the left edge of the bed. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk to the right of the stairs and enter the bedroom. Wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk to the end of the hallway and wait in the bedroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk straight down the hallway to the top of the stairs. Wait at the top of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down hall to stairs. Turn right and go down 2 stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk all the way forward towards the living room. Keep walking straight passing the white sofa on the left, and the conference table on the right. Turn right towards the staircase, and walk down the stairs, and stop at the middle. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn left, go down hallway. Turn left at the end of the hallway. Stop behind the grey couch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk towards the picture on the wall and take a left, walk straight down the hallway until you get to the last room, take a left behind the white couch and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn left and walk down the hallway to the living room. Turn left and wait near the white couch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight until you get to the room then turn right and right again to go into the bathroom. Wait by black and white painting of the tree with the lady in a dress. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk to the far end of the hall, into the bedroom and stop in the en suite bathroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the hallway with the railing on your left and the wall on your right.  Walk through the door to the bedroom directly in front of you.  Once you are in the room, make a quick right and walk through the doorway, with the nightstand on the left of the doorway, into the bathroom.  Stop next to the bathroom counter, as soon as you walk into the room. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk straight, and down the three steps, and turn left at the first visible corner. Walk a bit, and turn right to enter a kitchen, and stop there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn left and walk down the hall. Then turn left and walk down the hall and enter the kitchen on the right.  Wait near the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 walk down the steps, turn left, then turn right and stop near the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk past the bed, and go through the door left of the horse painting. Go down the hallway and stop at the foot of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the room through the hallway door, then wait at the stair landing next to the pedestal. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn left and exit the bedroom. Then walk down the hall.  Stop at the end of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs, walk to the end of the silver bench, wait at the first step. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk to the edge of the stair post. Make a sharp left and walk up the stairs. Keep walking along the platform. Make a left to the deep stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and go up the stairs to your left and then keep going to the next staircase and stop on the first stair. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and go down the stairs. Stop near the painting on the left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go around the half wall and go down the stairs. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk toward the fireplace. Before the fireplace, turn right to walk down the stairs. Continue down the stairs to the bottom. Stop in front of the framed painting. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk forward and enter the room at the end of the hall. In the room take a left. Stop after you step off the first step. 
UwV83HsGsw3 With the banister to your right and the wall to your left, move forward, going down 2 shallow steps, until at the end of the hall, where you'll turn ninety degrees left and enter the room. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk toward the large painting on the wall but go through the doorway to the left of the painting.  Turn left and stop next to the two white chairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk along the banister towards the room on the upper floor. Walk down the hallway and enter into the room which has a bed and lounge chair. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go past the textured wall and travel along the hall until you come to the bedroom with the large black lounger. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk forward with the painting on your right, and take a left at the stairs. Go up the stairs and walk down the hallway and into the room at the end. Stop in the room once you are past the doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk across living room into hallway. Turn right into bedroom. Stop at closet mirror doors. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go past the white couches then turn right into that hallway then turn right again to go into the bedroom and wait right there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk past the couch and turn right. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Stop just inside the doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk to the refrigerator and take a right. In the hall take a left and then a right and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and walk towards the sink. Turn left and walk towards the refrigerator. Turn right and walk forward, then turn left. Turn into the bathroom on the right and wait near the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 turn to right right and take a left at the sink, then take a left at the refrigerator and another left at the picture. Then enter the first door on your right and stop beside the towel. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk towards the steps and turn right.  Go down the hallway to the end. Enter the door to the right of the black and white painting and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 With the short flight of three steps in front of you, move forward until you can exit through the opening to your right. Continue straight down the hallway, and at the end of the hallway, take a dogleg to the right, entering the bedroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk to the right of the steps and down the hallway. Stop in the bedroom at the end of the hallway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk up the three steps and walk forward. Stop in front of the silver/gray bench. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk up the stairs, stop on the first landing and wait by the artwork. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs. Stop next to bench and pictures on the wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight down the hallway and take a hard left at the bench.  Go up one step and wait by the corner light switch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight up the steps and stop by the stairs on the left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs, and walk forward. Stop on the first stair. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Move forward and then take a left to exit through the restroom door.  Take a right outside the bathroom door, into the living room area. Pass by the white leather sofas.  By the white pillar with the statue on it there is a doorway. Go through the doorway and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk past the stairs and chair and stop at the second step from the top. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom. Turn right. Go past the couches and down the stairs. Go down two steps then stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the bedroom, and take a left. Walk forward in the direction of the windows ahead. Stop in front of the first window. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the room. Turn left. Pass the white couch on the left and wait near the black chair on the left. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and go let down the hallway until you are next to the black chari. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the bathroom.Turn right and wait near the bed on the right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk forward and turn right to exit the bathroom.  Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk towards the sinks and walk straight passed the sinks. Turn right at the end of the counter. Walk into the bedroom and stop near bedside table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk past the metal bench. Walk through the glass doors and turn right. Stop just past the corner. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight and then down the hallway. Turn left and stop right next to the outside entrance. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk towards the white stand holding the plant, and then take a left at the doors leading to outside. Walk towards the red man statue on the ground, and stop once you reached it. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight past the bench on the left and down the steps. Wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk past the framed photo on the wall. Go down the stairs and wait at the bottom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around and walk straight ahead and follow the railing. Go down the 2 steps and stop at the bottom. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around, go straight and turn right to go outside. Stop before the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the building and turn right. Walk toward the steps. Wait at the top of the steps. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go through the glass door and exit the building. Turn right and stop on the sidewalk at the top of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go to the bottom of the stairs and take an immediate right turn. Then take another immediate right turn until you are on the right side of the table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn around, walk along the railing, go down the stairs, make a hard right, and wait by the table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Pass the bench and go down the steps then turn sharp right and wait by the large wooden table with the black chairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Enter the bathroom and take a right. Stop outside of the closet with the toilet. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk in the bathroom and take a left, stop directly in front of the white stand holding the egg like object. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and walk through the bathroom past the shower.  Stand near the entrance of the closet. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Walk down the hall past the flowers. Turn right at the end of the hall and walk into the bedroom on your left. Stop in the doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go down this hall way and keep going when you see the vase with the small white flowers, at the end you will find a bedroom with a mirrored wall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk out of the bathroom area. Walk down the hall passed the wall art and plant in a vase. Continue down the hall around the corner and into the bedroom with a glass mirrored closet. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn right and go straight until you get to the fireplace. Wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk forward to the black and white painting and then turn right. Walk all the way down the hallway and into the next room. Stop behind the black chair to the right of the fireplace. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk forward, and take a right. Enter the living room and walk toward the windows. Stop behind the black leather chair next to the window. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn to the right and turn right at the white couch again. Stop near the first entrance on the right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the kitchen. Go to the closest end of the white couch in the living room. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the kitchen and turn left then go into the living room. Proceed down the hallway next to the living room.  Stand near the light switch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 walk through doorway to exit bedroom, to the right of the bathroom, walk straight, turn right and stop at base of stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Continue down the hallway and turn right to stop in front of the stairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight down the hall and stop at the bottom of the stairs on the right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 walk up the staircase, turn left at the top and walk towards the couch, before you reach the chair turn left towards the table and stop before you reach it. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs and enter the room. Go stand next to the long table with black chairs. Stand next to the chair nearest to you. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs and make a U turn toward the left. Wait by the large wooden table with the black chairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk up the stairs and turn left around the corner. Go to the near left corner of the long table with chairs and stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go up the stairs. Once you get to the top, turn left and go to your left. Stop right next to the table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk up the stairs, and turn left into the living room.  Turn left, and wait by the wooden table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the hallway past the photographs on the wall. Wait next to the grey couch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down stairs. Wait at the end table next to the sofa. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go past the bench on the left. Go down the steps. Wait near the couches on the right. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk in the direction of the bench and go straight and down the stairs. Once down the stairs walk behind the table and the couch and stop behind the table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the steps and turn right. Walk down the hall and walk down the steps. Stop behind the couch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk towards the pictures of a person with a face mask on along the banister railing. Continue along the banister down the small set of steps. Stop behind the couch walking towards the glass wall ahead. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk toward the dining room and tun right. Walk pass the stairs into the hallway. Turn right into the bathroom and wait by the counter. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go past the couches and turn right. Go straight into the hallway. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the sink. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go towards the dining table and turn right after the white chair, go straight passed the stairs on the left and into the archway, make a left into the bathroom doorway, take a couple of steps in and then stop. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Proceed through the hallway past the flowers and kitchen. Enter the great room, pass the stairs and then wait by the dining table. 
UwV83HsGsw3 With the double doors on your left, walk straight down the hall.  Keep going straight until you pass the stairs and stop a few feet away from the table with leather chairs and two white plants on top of it. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the hallway past the thermostat. Walk past the stairs and stop by the table and chairs. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk down the stairs.  Turn left and enter the first room.  Stop in the entryway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go to the staircase and then go down the stairs.  When at the bottom, you'll turn to the left and go into the first doorway.  You'll be in a bedroom with a lot of pillows on the bed. You'll need to wait there. 
UwV83HsGsw3 walk down staircase to the right of the fireplace. make a left at the bottom of the staircase. Walk into first room between two large paintings. Stop after you enter doorway. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk straight down the hallway beside the kitchen and make a right at the end of the hallway. Stop and wait by the light switches in the living room at the end of the hall. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Walk towards the white flower in the white vase down the hallway. At the end of the hallway take a right and and stop next to the lamp that is next to the white couch. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Go straight down the hallway.  When at the end of it, turn to the right and walk into a seating area.  You'll stand by the first couch's right arm and that's where you need to wait. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Turn to your right and exit. Once you are out, turn left and walk to the end of the hallway. At the end of the hallway turn right and walk straight forward. Stop once you enter the room straight ahead. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Exit the laundry room and walk down the hall.  Enter the living room and wait near the sofa. 
UwV83HsGsw3 Leave the laundry room, and go left. Take a right at the hall and enter the TV room. Stop before you pass the end table on the left. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk across the kitchen and exit through the doorway to the left of the stove.  Walk into the dining room, and make a left.  Walk to the doorway in front of you and to your left.  It is all the way across the room from the piano.  Stop in that doorway. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the open door. Walk around the table. Walk through the open door. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the kitchen, past the stove. Walk into the dining room and turn left, walking past the dining table. Wait in the doorway to the hallway. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn around and take a left to exit the dining room. Turn left into the bathroom and wait next to the toilet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Go out the second door on your left then turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the dining area, into the hall and wait in the bathroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the kitchen into the dining room then turn left and walk through the door. Walk through the door to the right of the cabinet into the bedroom. Wait near the foot of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the kitchen to the door left of the stove. Enter the dining area and turn left. Exit through the first door on the left. Turn right and go through the door left of the front door. Enter the bedroom and wait by the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn around and enter the door to the right of the clock. Once you enter the room, turn left and then exit out the first door to the left. Once out turn right and then enter the last door on the left and stop at the foot of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk past the foot of the bed on your right and exit the bedroom through the door ahead of you. Take a dogleg to the right and continue into the room. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Pass the bed and chair and head towards the door. Exit  the door and turn right. Head down the hallway and turn left, pass the open door and stop once you reach the table. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bedroom, and turn right to enter the diagonal room. Enter inside, and stop in front of the round table with four chairs. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the doorway directly left of the black stove, Turn left at the doorway, and proceed to your next doorway on the left hand side. Walk direcly in the bathroom to your left, and stop in front of the toilet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn right and exit the doorway with a clock beside it. Turn left and enter the doorway across the table. Turn left again and enter the bathroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the kitchen door past the oven.  Walk into the dining room past the dining room table, and stop facing into the bathroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the kitchen past the old-fashion stove. Stop by the entrance to the bedroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through kitchen away from white door and as soon as you exit the kitchen turn left towards the bedroom. Wait in doorway. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn around and go out of the kitchen through the door on the left. Once out turn right and stop in the doorway of the girls bedroom with dolls. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Go through the leftside door and go straight down the hall. Turn left, go passed the table and stop in front of the wash basin. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk into the hallway towards the front door.  Enter the bedroom to the left of the front door and stand by the small towel rack at the foot of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the bathroom. Turn left and walk into the last room on the left. Stop at the foot of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the door. Turn right and walk towards the door on the left. Enter the  bedroom door and head towards the bed and stop there. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the room and go down the hall to the left. Wait in the bedroom at the end of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Make a hard right and walk through the door. Walk diagonally to the right, past the china cabinet and through the door ahead. Wait at the foot of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bedroom, go passed the table with china on it, turn left into the doorway, and then turn right, go straight passed the china case and then turn left into the doorway. Step between the bed and the window on the right and stop. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Leave the room and go straight. take the last left into the hall. In the hall take the last left into the bedroom. Stop in front of the right side of the foot board. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn around and exit the bedroom and enter the dining room. Exit the dining room and turn left to enter another bedroom. Wait at the foot of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Go straight through the door, and turn right to go through the other door. Walk to the right of the circle table, and go through the left door by the clock. Stop in the room on the circle carpet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Go through the door on the left, and go right then turn right and go passed the table and go through the left door towards the bed and stop. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bathroom. Turn right into the room with the piano. Then go into the small kid's room with dolls in it and stop next to the table with the doll in a pink dress on it. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit bathroom into sitting room, turn right into kitchen. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Make a sharp turn right past the table and chairs and into the kitchen and stop. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit bathroom. Turn right and enter door. Go forward near chair. Turn right and enter door. Go into kitchen and stop. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk past the bed and through the door, make a right turn and continue straight until you're inside the bathroom. Stop once near the baby. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bedroom, then enter the bathroom on your right. Wait near the sink. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn around. Enter door. Turn right. Go forward. Enter bathroom and stop. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bathroom. Turn into the first door on the right. Enter the dining area. Exit the room through the door directly right of the wall clock. Enter the bedroom. Go forward to the rug. Wait there. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk into the bedroom and turn right. Walk into the bedroom. Stop in the middle of the room. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the bathroom and turn right. Walk through the doorway and angle to the right, walking past the dining table. Continue straight past the record player and enter the child's bedroom. Wait near the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 go to door opening.  stand next to record player.  go to doorway near the long skinny table. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bedroom, enter the dining room, exit the dining room, wait at the cabinet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Leave the bedroom and go into the dining room. From the dining room take a left at the second doorway and stop in the doorway. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk around the bed and out of the room past the bed. In the hallway take a right, then a left into the living room. Walk straight past the dining table on the left and go through the doorway closer to the left into the bedroom. In the bedroom stop just on the edge of the rug next to the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Leave the bedroom and make a slight right turn; go into the room across the hall. Turn right in the room and go to the bedroom at the end of the room. Wait inside the bedroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bedroom through the door on the right. Walk through the hallway and enter the door on the left. Walk through the dining room, past the table. Enter the bedroom straight ahead and wait by the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the bedroom passed the foot of the bed and into the hallway. Walk passed the bathroom and into the small dining room to the left. Walk towards the child's bedroom near the kitchen entry. 
2t7WUuJeko7 With the bed on your right walk straight and out of the room into the hallway and take a right in the hall and a left into the dining room walking past the dining room table into the bedroom stopping just on the inside of the room in the doorway. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn left, walk past the foot of the bed.  Go out of the doorway and down the hall.  You'll enter a dining room. Go past the table and chairs and to the right.  You will wait right by the doors to various rooms. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the kitchen through the doorway to the left of the stove.  Once outside the kitchen, turn right and walk into the bedroom.  Stop after stepping onto the rug on the side of the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the kitchen through the doorway to the left of the stove. Go right through doorway and enter room with bed. Stop in front of bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through kitchen to open doorway. Walk through the doorway and turn right. Enter bedroom and stop on the oval rug on the floor. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn to face door to bedroom. Walk out of bedroom. Turn to face table. Walk around table. Enter the foyer.  Turn left and enter the bathroom. Stop in front of toilet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the room. Go into the second door on the left. Turn left and go into the bathroom. Wait near the toilet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the room and walk through the second door on the left. Walk left into the bathroom and stop by the toilet and stop. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk to the furthest door in the room that is next to the fireplace and go through it and wait in the middle of the bedroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk to the other end of the room and into the bedroom. Stop beside the bed, on the rug. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Go into the room straight ahead. Wait near the bed. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Moving parallel to the couch on your left, exit the room through the first available doorway on your right. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn to face the inside of the room. Walk towards the round table with four chairs. Stop at the first door on the right. Turn and walk into the doorway. Stop  opposite the china cabinet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Stand in the nearest doorway to exit the room, next to the sign on the wall that says "BURBANK". 
2t7WUuJeko7 Go passed the first door, then enter the second door. Turn around and go through the other doorway and then enter in to the kitchen. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk past the dining table and turn right into the kitchen. Stop by the vacuum cleaner. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk toward the kitchen table. Turn into the first room on the right and wait by the woodpile. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the room and turn right at the painting of the flowers.  Take the first left into the dining room.  Take the first right and walk into the kitchen and stop between the stove and the wall clock. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bedroom turn right then left into the dining room. Turn right into the kitchen and wait by the counter. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn around and walk passed the door and around the corner. Pass the bathroom and enter into the small room with an old record player. Walk into the door near the record player and into the kitchen area. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Leave the bedroom and take a right.Take a left into the living room and walk past the dining room table. Go forward into the bedroom and stop in the doorway. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Take a left at the hanging Burbank plaque and continue on to the nursery where all the children's toys are located. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk out of the bedroom and turn right. Walk down the hall and turn left. Walk into the room and turn right. Stop at the doorway to the right of the record player. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk past mannequin. Walk past dining room table. Wait at record player. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk past sofa, piano, continue straight past the table, stop in the door way to the bedroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the room with the figure of a person and arch chairs. Walk passed the piano and through the door on the opposite side of the dining table passed the fireplace. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bathroom them turn right and enter the room next door. Turn right and pass the round table and chairs to go into the door on the right. Wait at the entrance. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the room, turn right into the dining room and turn right again and go straight into the doorway of the bedroom and stop. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bathroom and turn right. Go through the doorway passed the table. Stand in the doorway by the record player and wait. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk past dining table. Make left at piano. Walk through open door. Make left at curio cabinet. Wait at toilet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the dining and living room and take the second left out of the room. In the hallway take a left into the bathroom. Stop next to the toilet. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Go around the table, into the hall. Go down the hall and enter the bathroom directly ahead, stopping in front of the bathtub. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk through the second door on the left. Take the left after the China cupboard. Wait in the bedroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 When you leave the bedroom you need to walk straight to the second door on the left to leave the dinning area. After you get in the hallway make a right and go into the bedroom on the left. Now stand in front of the foot of the bed and wait. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Walk past the dining room table and turn left. Walk out of the doorway and turn right. Turn left and stop in the bedroom. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Leave the bedroom and take a right. In the hall go forward and turn left into the living room. Go straight  and turn right into the kitchen. Stop in the kitchen in front of the vacuum cleaner. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Turn around and exit the bedroom. Turn right and walk through the leftmost door. Walk towards the table turn slightly right and enter the right doorway. Wait in the kitchen. 
2t7WUuJeko7 Exit the bedroom door. Turn right and then turn left. Enter the door and turn right passing the small round table. Then make another right towards the kitchen. Stop inside the kitchen. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exiting the bedroom go straight through the doorway, make a left, make a left and then make a right into the doorway and wait. 
fzynW3qQPVF After you leave the bedroom walk to the end of the hall and take a left. When you make the left you will come to another hall; make another left and wait in the doorway of the bathroom, that's on the right side of the hall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight to the end of the hallway and turn left. Go to the left and stand in front of the bathroom doorway to the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the balcony and turn left into the office. Make a hard right and walk through door to exit office. Wait at bottom of the stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF With the city to the right side, walk along the balcony and take the first left into the room with a really long table. take right towards the first open door stopping just before the egg chair. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight and go into the second room on the left. Turn right and go out the door on the right. Wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk around the couch towards the patio and turn left. Walk down the walkway. Stop next to the fireplace. 
fzynW3qQPVF walk behind couch to window, turn left, walk straight past TV, stop at the end of the wall on your right before you reach the couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Travel along the back of the couch to the open doorway. Turn left and go toward the tv. Stop after passing the wall on the left and face the white couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn right and head outside through the open door. Pass the pool and continue to the other side. Stop once the marble wall is on your right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk outside and then back inside on the left side of the pool.  Stand behind the glass panel in the middle of the wall to the patio so you are facing the lawn chairs on the opposite side of the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head outside. Go past the pool and back into the house. Stop by the wall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit out of the wardrobe area with the closet space with shirts on your right. Make the first right turn and turn right again into the next bedroom with the grey bed. As you walk into the bedroom, the hallway will be to your left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight and through the door on the right. Follow the hall and go right then at the end of the hall stop before the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk away from the mirror and turn right through the hallway. Continue into bedroom. Stop after entering the room before the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom and go left to the end of the hallway. Wait at the top of the steps. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room using the door on the left then turn left and go up the three steps. Wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bedroom, and take a left in the hall. Go up the flight of tree stairs into the office. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Pass the bed and exit the bedroom on the right. Continue down the hall and turn at the next right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight past the bed. Exit the room using the door on the right. Turn right and go into the room. Wait near the sink. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk to the other side of the room and out the doorway on the right. Walk into the hallway and then turn right into the next doorway. Stop once you enter. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the kitchen and enter the dining room. Wait by the chair. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the kitchen. After you pass the ovens turn right. Wait near the couches and the round table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the kitchen and stand near the dinning room table. Wait next to the chair. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and take a left. Take a right and then another left and enter the bedroom. Wait next to the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn left and go into the hallway straight ahead. Turn right and go straight until you get to a room. Wait near the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF With the kitchen to your right and the fireplace ahead of you and slightly to the right, move forward and to the left. Now turn further left so the grain of the wooden flooring is perpendicular to your orientation. Then move forward and through the opening ahead of you. Take a dogleg to the right and continue forward. Enter the bedroom on your right and head towards the foot of the bed. Stop when you're even with the foot of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room using the large glass sliding door. Turn right and go into the large sliding glass door on the right. Wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit room heading outside then make a right and wait at bedroom entrance. 
fzynW3qQPVF While facing the table, turn left and go outside onto the wooden deck.  Walk down the deck keeping the building to your right and walk back inside when you get to the room with the bed.  Stop in the doorway between the bedroom and the deck. 
fzynW3qQPVF Take a right and go straight across the room. Turn right and stop next to the oven. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit through sliding doorway away from bedroom. Go straight away from sliding door. Turn right after wall, then go through sliding doorway towards kitchen, with teh black and white painting on the wall on your right. Stop just in front of the sink. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn right through the large doorway into the living room. Walk straight past the couches on the left. Turn right into the kitchen and pause by the oven. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom and turn right. Wait next to the kitchen counter. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bedroom and enter the main room on the right. Walk straight ahead into the kitchen area. Stop before you reach the counter. 
fzynW3qQPVF Pass the bed and turn left at the door to exit it. Walk forward, and turn right. Keep walking forward passing the gray sofa set on your left, and stand next to the white wall on your right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn right facing corner. Walk forward. Walk left. Walk forward. Walk to end door. Walk through door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Follow the walkway passing the pool on your right. Go in the last door you come to before the stairs. Walk towards the bed and wait 2 meters from the closest corner of it. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight then turn right going around the pool. After you pass the pool go into the farthest left glass sliding door and wait in that bedroom by the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go towards the house, past the lounge chairs and enter the farthest door on the right. Stop in the doorway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk toward the sun loungers. Enter the sliding doors to the far right. Stop there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the recliners toward the building. Stop just inside the bedroom on the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight toward the fireplace. Turn left when you get to the fireplace then turn right into the hallway and wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the fireplace, and down the hallway to the left of it. Stop inbetween the glass wall on the left and the marble wall on the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF From the backdoor walk straight to the sitting area and make a left by the fireplace. Now make a right just past the fireplace and wait in the middle of the hall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk to the large picture window. Stop between the two white couches. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight towards the big windows and stop near the corner of the rug that is closest to them. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk out of the pantry and through the kitchen. Keep walking past the living and sitting area and stop at the far left edge of the rug on your left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk into bedroom. Wait at bathroom door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go into the bedroom with one bed and wait at the bathroom doorway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the doorway into the bedroom. Walk around the bed passed the glass wall. Continue into the bathroom area. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn left and walk across the room. Once you pass all the furniture, stop in the middle of the empty space just before you reach the paintings on the walls. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go inside. Walk straight and pass the couch. Wait near the white painting on the right wall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk inside all the way straight passing the brown blinds on the right. Walk towards the two white visible walls on the sides, and stand in the middle, and stop there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk up the steps and to the left. walk into the second doorway on the right. Stop by the chair. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk up the steps and turn left. Move forward and turn right to enter the house at the second open doorway. Wait at the entryway to the living room between the black partitions. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk up the stairs and down the sidewalk. Go into the second door, across from the pool, and walk into the room. Stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom, walk across the room, turn through the doorway on the left, then turn hard left. Wait by the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF exit the bathroom, enter large room, go down the center of the room towards the living room, veer left, enter room on the left, turn left again, enter the bedroom, stop after the doorway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom and walk through the empty room. Walk through the doorway on the left and take an immediate left. Walk through the bedroom door and wait near the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through doorway passed the two white chairs, turn left and walk down hallway, stop at doorway that leads into the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past bar. Walk down stairs. Make left at bottom of stair landing. Walk past art gallery wall. Wait at bathroom door threshold. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk out the door and down the hall. Stop at the bathroom at the end of the hall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Starting with the stairs on your left, walk down the hallway and straight through the big open room with the table in it.  Keep going straight until you are in the doorway of the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the hallway. Walk across the room. Stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head straight toward the hallway all the way down until you get to a door that leads to the bathroom. Wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave exercise room and walk towards stairs, enter doorway in front of you, turn slight right towards table, turn right and walk towards the door by the pictures. Stop in doorway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the stairs and enter the building via the door near the foot of the stairs.  Walk to the table in the main part of the room and face the wall with the five paintings.  Go right and stop in the doorway of the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn right, leave the exercise area, walk through the deck, walk up to the table, turn right, walk straight, and wait by the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Pass through the entry way and move forward with the bed on your right. Turn to your left when you reach the doorway near the bed. Pass through the doorway and enter the hallway. Turn right and move down the hallway. Move past the four pictures to your left and stop at the entry to the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the room, and take a right in the hallway. Go down the hall, sticking to the left wall, and stop in the doorway to the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF exit the bathroom, veer left to exit the bedroom, enter the hallway, turn right, continue straight and stop at the entrance of the second bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk in the building to the left of the pool. Walk past the couch and turn left. Walk past the table and turn right. Turn left and walk down the hall way. Walk into the bedroom. Stop just inside the door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the living room and go into the entrance behind the couch. At the entrance turn left. Enter the bedroom and wait in front of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go inside past the ront of the couch then turning left along the wall to the left of the couch, turn into the first doorway into a bedroom, and wait. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the walkway, into the building and wait in the sitting area near the fireplace. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down concrete path to the right of the pool and enter house. Wait between fireplace and couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the pool and continue straight through the large doorway. Stop next to the nearest gray sofa on the black rug. 
fzynW3qQPVF Cross the room with the television on the left, before the exit to the outside area turn left and go straight, make a left and passed the grey couches and go near the table and stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk toward the big window and turn left, and left again after the grey marble wall. Stop between the sofa and the dining table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the TV room, walk across this sitting area and wait by the large dining table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the balcony to walk inside. Walk past the edge of the table to exit the room by turning left and stepping out onto the balcony. Turn right to continue across the balcony to the bedroom door. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Wait in the doorway to the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave balcony to room with big table. Exit through glass door to patio. Continue down patio to sliding door on right, leave bedroom to bathroom and stop  between shower and toilet. 
fzynW3qQPVF walk away from the stairs, through the doorway on your right into the home. Walk to the left of the table back outside and continue straight along the deck. there will be a bedroom on your right, walk slightly right to enter and walk straight through the doorway ahead. Stop once you are in the bathroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head up the stairs, then turn left into the theater. Stop and wait near the sofa. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk right up the stairs and left past the chairs and into the theater. Stop by the couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight ahead past the painting of the plot plant. Go right, up a few stairs, past the counter and stop inside the door to a large cinema room.
fzynW3qQPVF Exit left. Pass the pool and wait inside the bedroom on the left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk outside. Follow the sidewalk straight. Walk passed the pool and turn left into the last door. Walk inside the bedroom and stop near the rug. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight outside, going outside towards the pool, but remain on the concrete next to the grass.  Keep walking until you head the second open doorway, the one farthest from where you started.  Then, turn left and walk through the door in to a bedroom with a large grey carpet on the hardwood.  Walk into the room and stop on the hardwood when you get to the corner of the grey carpet closest to the door. 
fzynW3qQPVF With the bed behind you, walk through the doorway to the open area on the right.  Walk towards the pool outside and walk along the right side of it.  Go back inside and stand behind the one closed door/window on the right side of the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go through the entryway on the right and then go through the large outside window. Stop next to the rock slab. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go down the hallway from the bedroom and enter the opening on the right towards the living room. Go through it and stop at the fat marble wall with the sliding door to the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk forward into the living room. Take a right heading to the oval dining table. Stop next to the chairs at the right end of the table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight towards couch, take a left through first table with four chairs, stop directly in front of table with 6 chairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and go past some unique wall hangings.  Veer off to the right and go past the living room area.  Go towards the light blue couch and stand just behind it.  Wait right there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk across room into hall, turn left and stand in front of painting. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight into the room with the table and chairs and turn right.  Walk past the table and chairs until you are facing the wall with the paintings.  Turn left and walk straight down the hall and stop in front of the first door on the left into a bedroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the table and turn right. At the end of table turn left. Walk  down the hallway with the the pictures on the right. Stop in front of the doorway of the bedroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom and walk to the door leading out of the bedroom.  Exit the bedroom and walk through the open double doors on your right.  Stop in the middle of a large open space, with the two paintings with large color dots on them to your right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom, then the bedroom and walk through the archway on the right. Stop in the middle of the empty room. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom and enter the bedroom. Walk forward passing the bed. Turn left to exit the bedroom. Walk straight, and turn right at the living room. Enter inside, and stop there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around, head into the hallway past the two chairs. Turn right and go through the doorway. Turn left down the hallway and stop at the door in the middle. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room and turn right, go down the three steps and turn right on the first door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go to the chairs. Go to the thermostat. Go to the wood hall. Go to the bedroom door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk forward towards the counter and sink and take a right. Walk forward pas the sink on the left and walk into the living room. In the living room stop with the dark rug and gray couch on your left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the sink area ahead. Turn and walk passed the sink and towards the kitchen area in the next room. Pass by the counter tops towards the couches. Walk up near the couches and coffee table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Enter the kitchen. turn right and walk through the door. Go straight until you reach the white couch near the fireplace. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom and head towards the grey stairs. Go up the two stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Enter the bedroom and exit via the doorway ahead and towards the left. After exiting the bedroom, turn left and head towards the stairs. At the top of the stairs, stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF You need to leave the bathroom area and walk to the door on the far left to leave the bedroom. Now make a left in the hallway and walk to the steps, walk up the stairs and wait at the top. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the garage and go into the house through the open doorway. Turn right at the first doorway you encounter and enter the bedroom. Stop and wait at the foot of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk forward and leave the garage. Go through the first door on your right and arrive at the foot of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room and turn right. Go down the hallway in to the bedroom on the right and wait in front of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom through the exterior door on the right of the TV. Wait in the grass next to the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk out the door. Wait in front of the first chair. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and go past the bed and to the outside door.  Go through the door and onto the grassy area by the pool.  Stop when you get to the chairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go past the large paintings and turn right. Turn right again, walking around the end of the wall, and stop in the opening just past the wall ovens. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk to the living room. Turn hard right into the kitchen. Stop at the doorway by the oven. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight toward the couches. When you get to the couches U turn right. When you pass the kitchen ovens stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go inside then turn left. Walk toward the kitchen. Wait near the oven on the left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn left and enter the large black doors. Walk across the room towards the right to the kitchen area with black counters. Walk to the right of the counter and stop in the doorway beside the oven. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk indoors and walk towards the couch. Walk towards the stove in the kitchen. Stop in front of the door to the right of the stove. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight past the large table and chairs. Pass the white lounge chairs and stop right before you pass the pool on the left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk to the along side off pool and stop in the grass. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the inside doors.  Wait beside patio furniture. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bathroom and enter the bedroom. In the bedroom walk out of the room. Take a right and head to the foyer. In the foyer stop in the middle of the foyer right after the ceiling height is higher. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk out of the bathroom and turn left. Then turn right and walk down the hallway. Turn right then turn left. Walk toward the two side by side paintings. Stop in the middle of the room. 
fzynW3qQPVF Travel toward the large vertical panels and go through the doorway. Turn left and travel to the first hallway on the right. Go down the hallway and enter the doorway on the right. Locate the two similar paintings on the wall ahead.. Go through the door to the large room ahead and travel four feet towards the paintings. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom into the hall and stop in the doorway on the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bedroom and walk straight. Take the first right into the living room area. Stop in the doorway to the living room. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room using the door on the right and then turn right and wait near the couches in the large room. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the room and take a right into the hallway. Walk forward and go towards the dining table on the far side of the living room. Stop between the couch and the table. 
fzynW3qQPVF turn left, pass behind couch, stop by dining room table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the door into the open hall passing by the bedroom and into the living room area. Walk around the backside of the couches towards the love seats surrounding a coffee table on the other end of the room. Continue to the coffee table in the corner of the room with silver vases on top. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk toward the kitchen and proceed towards the door to the right of the ovens. Open the door and stop just inside the doorway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the couches and dining room table and chairs into the kitchen. Stop next to the oven. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn left and wait next to the oven. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk into the cooking area and in between the two counters.  Stop at the end without the grills. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight to the oven. From the oven go to the sink. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go into the kitchen and wait by the oven. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go between the sink and the countertop, turn left along the side of the counter, t towards a large table and chairs.  Stop before you reach them. 
fzynW3qQPVF walk around counter and turn left, walk through hallway stop at head of table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go to the end of the kitchen island and turn left.  Walk past the column and wait near the table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight down the wood hallway in front of you. Turn left into the first entryway. Walk through the short hallway and then turn right. Keep walking and stop before you enter the bedroom ahead and there is wood on both sides of you. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit bedroom to hall, turn left.Stop before entering bedroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight down the hall and turn left, then turn right and go straight. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past outdoor outlet. Walk past marble wall. Wait at fireplace. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go down the path to the left of the grass until you reach the big doorway. Go inside and continue going straight until you reach the white couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF walk along house then turn left to enter house, walk through hall and stop in living room by outside doors. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the refrigerator and into the large room. Stop by the stove top. 
fzynW3qQPVF With the garage behind you, walk straight until you reach the kitchen in the open area, passing by a long counter with a sink and through a doorway.  Stop when you have reached the dark grey kitchen island on your right and there is a paining on your left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go through the hall and pass the sink. Walk into the room and stop beside the counter. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bathroom and turn left in the hallway.  Keep walking until you get to the bed.  Stand next to the left corner of the foot of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bathroom, walk down the hall and stop next to the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom and turn left into the bedroom. Stop and wait near the fireplace. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk into the room with the long granite counter. Walk along the counter. Walk around the corner down the small steps. Continue down the hallway  passing a painting of a plant and first open doorway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk away from the theater room and past the chairs. Walk down the steps and into the hallway and turn left. Stop by the table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk into the bar area. Walk through to the other side and exit out the door on the right. Once out, left and walk down the hallway. Once the room opens up, stop beside the table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Enter the living room and go through the open doorway on the left. Go through the door on the right and then turn left. Enter the bathroom on the right and stop in front of the sinks. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk through the doorway on the left. Turn right, then a quick right into the bathroom. Wait by the door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go through the door nearest the couch on the left side. Turn right and go though and turn left at the wall. Go straight to the grey wall and turn left. Go through the first doorway on the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the kitchen between the sink and the island. Turn slight right and walk towards the couch in the living area. Stop near the couch table. Wait by the couch table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit kitchen area, and wait next to couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the oven and the stove. Walk to the right of the picture and stop behind the couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the doorway thats directly right to the picture. Walk through the doorway directly to your left, and stop in front of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Orient yourself so the pool is to your right and the kitchen island is behind you and to the left, walk across the room, passing though the opening dead ahead, then turn left and enter the bedroom ahead. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight through the entryway, go left toward the bedroom, and stop just through the doorway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn left and exit into the hallway. Once in the hallway turn left and walk forward.  Then turn right into the first door on your right and stop looking into the bedroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk out of the room and turn left. Turn right into the bedroom and wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room to the left of the two chairs, go down the stairs, turn left, and then turn right into the bedroom and stop near the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom into the yard. Walk past the swimming pool, pass the threshold and wait near the marble wall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk around the bed and out the sliding glass door on the left. Follow the concrete pathway past the pool. Step into the house and wait near the marble wall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk out the door to go outside to the right of the TV. Once outside, turn right and enter the house straight ahead. Turn left and stop in small area with a marble wall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bedroom, and take the first right into the living room. Go slightly to your right and stop in the center of the room with light sockets on your right, and left side. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go out the black door and into the hallway. Turn right to go into the large room. Go to the middle of the open space. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk out of the bedroom and walk into the room on the right. Wait next to the wall with the two paintings. 
fzynW3qQPVF Enter the building, walk across the bedroom and wait in the hall outside the bedroom door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn right and go indoors. Walk past the bed and exit the room using the door on the far right. Wait in the hallway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk into the room with the bed and walk around the bed.  Go out into the hallway on the other side.  Stop just after stepping into the hallway. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and exit the movie area. Turn right and walk across the room. Exit the room and turn left. Walk along the hallway and wait by the first door to the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and exit the room and take a right. Take a left. Wait in the doorway of the room on the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk out of the theater and take a right and exit this room. In the room take a left and take the first right into the bedroom. Stop in the doorway to the bedroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go outside. Follow the sidewalk staying to the left of the pool. Follow the sidewalk to the staircase. Stand at the top of the staircase. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head down the sidewalk near the pool. Once past the pool go right into the grass and then back left stopping at the top of the stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight down pathway along side swimming pool. stop at top of stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom and walk across the room and stand near the sofa. 
fzynW3qQPVF go out of the bathroom, through the hallway, turn right and then immediately left towards the big window and wait in the middle area. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit bathroom to living room. Stop at the edge of the rug the first couch is on. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight and pass the table and chairs then turn right. Pass the table and chairs then turn left and go outside. Go straight into the room ahead and wait there near the entrance. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and go straight, take a right before the doorway and head to the next doorway, then take a left head out the glass door and follow it pass the swing chair on your left, stop at the doorway to the gym. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn so that the painting of the plant in the hall is on your left.  Walk down the hall.  In the next room, make a right, walk past the long table with the two white chairs, and then a make a left.  Exit the house through the glass door in front of you.  Walk straight across the courtyard outside and stop in the doorway of the exercise room in front of you. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk across the sitting room and outside. Once outside, walk to the left of the pool and stop right before you reach the first chair. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight toward the couches and pass them. Go out to the porch using the glass doors on the far left. Wait near the first lounge chair on the left of the poo. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the couches on the left. Go past the sitting area, and into the yard. walk to the lounge chairs. Stop once you reach the paver blocks right before the first lounge chair. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk to bedroom entrance and turn left and then sharp right.  Walk to the entrance of the next bedroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn to the right and go down the hallway, veering to the left.  Continue on down a hallway.  You will see a room with a sliding door and a bed.  Stop when you first get into this room and wait. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the night table. Make right at the end of that wall. Walk through the open door to the left. Walk straight ahead into bedroom. Wait at door knob. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go right of the entertainment room and wait by the couches with the fireplace. 
fzynW3qQPVF walk in between couch and TV towards outside, turn left before outside, walk straight and turn right to go outside after wall on left ends, turn left and walk back inside and stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head towards the sliding glass doors leading outside and turn ninety degrees left just prior to reaching them. Continue forward until the sliding glass doors are all behind you, then stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom, go right into the big room, turn left after the grey couch and stop mid-room. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bedroom into the hall. Turn right into the open living area. Go stand between the single beige sofa and the two white sofas. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room using the door on the far right then turn right and go straight until you pass the couch. Turn left and head toward the white couches. Wait near those white couches. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk past the table to the other side of the room.  Turn left in front of the paintings and keep walking until there is a door on the left.  Stop in the doorway of this bedroom. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight towards the wall with five paintings hanging.  Once there, turn hard left.  Enter the first room on the left.  Wait here. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight past the meeting table and take a left. Go into the first door on your left and wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go through the hall with six paintings. Go up the three stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight until you get to steps on the right. Go up the steps and wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and exit the room. Once out turn right and walk all the way to the end of the hallway. At the end, turn right and walk up the couple steps and stop at the top. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight toward the wall with the artwork, turn right, then turn left. Stop near the black and white painting on the wall. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go past the sink, and the stove.  Turn right.  Walk past the couch and go to the left.  Walk a bit but stop before you get to the black and white painting.  Wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the kitchen passed the sink. Walk around the kitchen island counter. Walk towards the couches facing the large window. Walk around the corner into the open room with abstract painting on the walls. 
fzynW3qQPVF exit bedroom to balcony, turn left and walk down balcony. turn slight left and enter house, turn slight right and enter adjacent room. Stop at stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Enter the room and exit through the glass door. Walk down the wooden balcony and turn left into the next room. Go through the door at the right of the room and wait at the entrance. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit and turn right towards the sliding door. Walk straight outside passing the bed on the left. Turn left, and walk straight, and enter another door. Stop at the doormat that is in front of the black swing. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the open door beside the stairs. Before you reach the black table, turn right.  Walk towards the wall, then turn left, and wait by the bedroom door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight through the door, pass to the right of the table, turn left and go halfway down the hallway to stop by the painting. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight ahead and into the door. Once inside, walk towards the table and then turn right. Walk to the wall with several paintings and then turn left. Enter the hallway and stop in front of the doorway on the left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn left and go straight past the couch. Go out the door on the left and walk toward the pool. Wait near the lounge chair and the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the open glass door until you get outside.  You want to walk on the left side of the swimming pool towards the recliner lawn chairs.  Stop in the grass just before you reach the lawn chairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Start walking towards the open glass doors and walk until you reach the edge of the carpet. Then, turn slightly to your left and start walking towards the open door on the left. Keep walking towards the let side of the pool and stop on the grass before you reach the concrete path and chairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight toward the couches. Pass the couches and go out the glass doors. Wait near the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and go across the large open room. Go through the next room with couches and exit the large door to go outside. Stop once you are outside facing the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the hall between the paintings.  Walk straight toward the large glass doors on the other side of the adjacent room, past the couch and tables.  Exit the house by this large glass door and stop by the strip of grass that borders the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF enter bedroom off balcony and walk to the doorway on the right turn left and continue down hall. Turn right at end of the hall and stop n room by chairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room by going through the white door. While in the hallway, make a left and walk towards a few steps of stairs on the right. Go up the stairs and wait in a room that has a granite counter. 
fzynW3qQPVF From the balcony facing the bed walk into the room and pass the bed on your right walk out of the door and into the hallway taking a left and then a right at the end of the hallway and enter the room with the two chairs and the counter and stop at the top of the three stairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the corridor and wait through the first archway on the left. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and walk all the way across the empty room. Enter the first door on the left and stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the large open room past the paintings on the wall. Turn left before reaching the couch area and walk into the hallway with wood panel walls. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk straight toward the pool, turn right after you get to the end of the walk way and wait there. 
fzynW3qQPVF Follow the glass rail on the right to the stone sidewalk. Turn right at the chairs and wait on the grass on the corner. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk along the railing, then turn right and wait in front of sliding door. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn right and walk down the hallway along side the windows. Stop halfway down between the fireplace and the windows. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the fireplace to the right of the pool.  After passing the fireplace, stop behind the glass panel in the middle of the open area in front of the pool. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk across living room and stop next to fireplace. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go down the hall until you see an entrance to a very large room.  Walk to the very opposite corner of the room and stand in front of the dining table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk through the door and down the hall. Enter the main room and stop at the far end of the room, near the large dining table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Leave the bedroom and veer left. Go to the far dining area which is next to the fireplace. Stop next to the first chair you reach. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around and go up the two steps on your right. Walk past the white chair and to the doorway on the left. Take a few steps to the first white couch . 
fzynW3qQPVF face painting on wall, walk left, turn right up the stairs, follow hallway slight left, walk past chairs and through doorway on left, stop before you reach the couch straight ahead. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk up the set of three stairs, into the room with granite counter tops.  Enter the room on the left.  Wait by couch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk towards the pool, and walk in the seond set of open doors on your right. Walk in the middle of the two black doorways, and stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go along the railing on the right, and go through the glass door to the right of the pool. Stop next to the chair on the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head up the path towards the house and enter the second door on the right. Stop at the doors heading to the living room. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn around, walk past the fireplace and through the open wall/doors.  Walk on the grass and then go into the doorway/wall that is open.  You will be into a bedroom.  You'll need to walk towards the bed and then stop just before you get to the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go past the marble wall with the fire place, out to the pool and past it, then in the door to the left, face the bed, and wait. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk outside past the fireplace to the pool.  Walk past the pool and enter the last room before the stairs.  Walk toward the bed and stop when you step on the carpet. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the garage and walk down the hallway and enter the lounge. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight down the hallway into the next room, stopping just left of the kitchen. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk out room. Walk through butler's pantry. Wait at cooktop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight and pass the couches on the left. Pass the couches on the left and walk straight toward the table with the beige and white chairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn left and walk through the living room and into the dining room.  Wait near the dining room table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk all the way forward passing the small round table with four chairs on the right. Turn left towards the fireplace, and stop near the gray sofa. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight down the hallway and then stop by the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the hall and turn left. Stop in front of the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight down the hallway, and enter the bedroom at the end. Go toward the front right corner of the bed and stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the room and turn right. Gop to the top of the stairs.Go down the stairs and turn right. Continur down the hall turning into the first room on the right and wait by the bed. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go through the doorway into a room with a bar. Go out through the other end of the room and turn left and go down a hallway.  Turn right into a bedroom with a very large window. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head through the open door in front of you, hanging a slight right and moving straight in front of the marbled table. Turn right and head through the open passageway that's on the left of the thermostat, moving down the black steps. Turn left and head down the hallway until you reach the open door. Hang a right, enter the room, waiting about halfway between the distance from doorway you passed through to the light switch. 
fzynW3qQPVF Stand so the pool is to your left and walk into the first bedroom on the wall ahead of you.  Walk past the bed on the left side and keep going straight until there is an opening on the right.  Turn into the bathroom and stop just after stepping inside. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk into the house and then past the bed. Turn right and wait near the sink. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go forward and enter the bedroom. Walk down the corridor on the left. Go into the bathroom on the far right. Stop once you enter the room. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom and walk through the wide hall. Continue to the right of the brown sofa and stop between it and the two white sofas. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit bathroom to living room and stop by white couches. 
fzynW3qQPVF Exit the bathroom and go straight. Pass the grey couches and head toward the white couches then stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the concrete path with the pool on your left side.  Follow the path as it veers to the left and keep working down it with the pool on your left.  Walk to the end of the path, by the black hot tub.  Turn left and walk to the far end of the black hot tub and stop by the corner. 
fzynW3qQPVF Facing the pool go right along the pool along the walkway, make a right passed the hot tub and at the edge of the hot  tub stop. 
fzynW3qQPVF Turn hard right to walk along the pool, toward the feature wall. Then turn left and wait by the Jacuzzi. 
fzynW3qQPVF Go straight, out of the sitting room and past the living and dining room. Stop once you pass the dining table and are halfway between the dining table and the couch across from it. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk down the hall along the glass doors to outside. Walk into the open room with couches around a coffee table. Walk towards the next table area with armchairs surrounding it and stop nearby. 
fzynW3qQPVF Look slightly left and walk straight while passing lighter grey couches on the left side. Once passed the couches on the left side, walk slightly forward and wait between a table on the left side and a darker grey couch on the right. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk forward and enter through the second door on your right. Walk through the living room to the dining room with the round table. Stop next to the right chair at the round dining table. 
fzynW3qQPVF Walk along the outside pathway, then turn right to enter the house. Walk straight across the living room towards the black desk. Stop at the right of the round table with the four chairs. 
fzynW3qQPVF Head straight until you get to the pool and then go indoors through the door on your right. Pass the couches and wait by the dining room table with four chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY walk to the end of the table,turn right,  go straight towards the cart, turn right, walk to the end of the table and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk clockwise around the table until you reach the open doorway. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight around table. Turn right at wall and walk towards cart , Turn right at cart and walk towards glass door. Stop at glass door. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight ahead and wait just past the Thinkpods and shelving unit. 
YVUC4YcDtcY With the kitchen on your left and the pool table in front of you, take an immediate left. Walk through the pathway that has cubicles on the left and a shelf on the right. Continue straight through until you see a wall made of opaque glass. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn right. Walk past the dark brown table and white shelf. Stop in front of the wall. 
YVUC4YcDtcY With the green exit sign behind you and the wall to your right, start going forward. When you see another green exit sign above a door towards your left, head towards it. After you pass a desk, you'll see a conversational nook in the corner towards your right with four chairs. Go there and wait. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Head down the hallway to the right of the white cube shelf.  Go left past the circular desks and right behind the wooden desk, then go to the green chairs and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward towards the Thinkpods. Take a left once you pass the think pods, then go straight. Head to the chartreuse chairs on the left that are under the TV. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the group of chairs and straight back to the conference room on the right side of the room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk towards the conference room keeping the desk area to your right. Wait in the conference room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward through the chairs with the wall on your left. Keep walking straight through the main room and enter the conference room at the end of the hall. Stop  the conference room once you pass the door. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go past the blue seats to the left and in front of the thinkpods, and wait facing to the right just before the white shelves. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Start at the door. Walk in. Turn left. Pass a blue desk on the right and then a white desk on the right. Turn right after the white desk. Stop next to the desk. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk out of the meeting room and make a right. Walk straight down that hall and make a right when you get to a think pod and shelf. Wait between the pod and shelf;. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk around the left of the foosball table. Go past the Thinkpods. Take a slight right into the doorway and wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go passed the foosball table and go straight. Then stop by the whiteboard. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk toward the counter and turn right just past the Foosball table. Proceed past the cubicles and corridor, straight into the conference room. Wait near the entry by the whiteboard. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk down the hall with the office on your left until you get to the waiting room on your right. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight past the think pods on your right.Stop next to the first teal chair in the seating area. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the conference rooms toward the sitting area, wait at the sitting area. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and walk through the room just past the fuse ball table and stand in the kitchen. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn right and walk toward the soccer table. Pass the soccer table then turn right and wait near the sink. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and go through the office space, go to the right, passed the foosball table and stop near the sink. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Head straight until you get to a large table with white chairs then turn right and pass the soccer table then continue heading straight. Pass the desk and wait right at by the coffee table which is in the middle of 4 lime green chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go straight to blue line on the floor. Turn right following blue line. At foosball table turn right and walk towards the yellow chairs and tv on the wall. Stop facing the TV in between 4 yellow chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward to the end of the bookcase and turn right towards the Foosball table. Walk to the Foosball table and turn right to face a hallway with a desk to the right that has a plastic pumpkin on it. At the end of that hallway is a seating area with bright green chairs below a wall mounted TV. Walk to the seating area. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk to the other side of the Thinkpod and wait by the shelves. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and then turn left to walk past the Think Pods and the long white open shelf. Once you pass the Think Pods and shelf, stop facing the glass wall. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn left and pass the thinkpods then stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the conference room and turn left. Make a right and go between the shelving units cubicles. Stop in the kitchen in front of the dishwasher and wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the room.Go straight past the think pods. When you get to the table on the right continue straight and stop near the dishwasher. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Leave the conference room and go left. Take a right and walk between the thinkpods, and the white bookcase. Walk to the kitchen. Stop in front of the dishwasher on the right of the TV. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Facing the Jack-O-Lantern, turn right and walk till your right side faces the table top soccer game. Take an immediate left and walk towards the conference room full of chairs, a rectangular table and a flat screen tv. Once you reach the entrance you arrived at your destination. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk towards table football game.  Turn left before you reach football game, and walk straight until you reach an office.  Wait here. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward toward the Thinkpods. Take a left in front of the Thinkpods and go straight. Stop outside of the conference room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the conference room, and make a left. Make a right just before the white bookcase. Wait at the green glass bowl on the bottom shelf of the bookcase. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and exit the room. Once you enter the large room turn left. Walk past the Think pods and turn right. Stop when you are at the door for the first think pod. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Face the exit. Walk straight out the door. Turn left in front of the white desk. Walk past the white desk and turn right. Turn right, walk to where the two white desks meet and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go around the reception desk on the right and go into the conference room that is on the right, straight ahead. In the conference room stop right next to the door. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk toward the foosball table. At the foosball table, turn left and walk straight toward the room with the table and chairs. Enter the room and wait. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Look to your right and walk straight towards the closest yellow line, and make a slight left. Follow the yellow line until it starts to curve right. From here, hang left and walk straight into the meeting room full that is carpeted and full of chairs. Wait inside the meeting room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk away from the conference table, and towards the two blue and black chairs towards the left, Turn right after the blue chairs, walk straight towards the fooseball table, turn left before the fooseball table, walk to the right of the table and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the room and make a left.  When you pass the two teal-and-grey chairs, make a right.  On your left will be a foosball table and a kitchen area with a microwave and a sink.  Stop in front of that sink. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Leave meeting room and walk left to yellow stripe on the floor. Follow yellow stripe to Foosball table. Turn left and stop between large table and counter. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit room, go straight through the room, and wait near the game table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk out of the office area and into the main room of the building. Walk down the hallway passed the cubicles crossing through the middle of the room. Stop near the opposite side of the room near the table soccer game and kitchen area. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the room using the large opening on the right then go straight until you get to a soccer table and wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn to your right and walk through the room past the seating area and the thinkpods on your left to the second doorway on your right and enter the conference room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk down the walkway past the desks and wait in the first conference room on the right. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn to the right and walk down the hallway. You'll go past some thinkpods.  Turn right at the first doorway.  It's a big conference room.  Wait right there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and walk towards the game room. Right before you reach the game tables, turn left and stop beside the first Think Pod. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Head in the direction of the Foosball table. take a left at the Thinkpods. Stop outside the door to the first Thinpod. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Pass the lime green chairs then the desk and after you pass the desk turn left and wait between the two thinkpods. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Take a right when you get to the white bookshelf. When you get to the meeting room on the right. Wait there, just outside the meeting room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the open door, and take a hard right.  Walk straight past the cubicles until you reach a large meeting room on your right and wait in front of the room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward into the room ahead and turn right. Walk across the room past the think pods and then past the 2 blue and grey chairs. Stop in front of the first door to the conference room on the right. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go straight until you get to teal and lime green chairs. Wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk towards white shelf. Continue walking forward towards yellow chair. Stop at yellow chair. 
YVUC4YcDtcY walk forward with the think pods on the right. Stop next to the rear chartreuse chair. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the Foosball table and turn right. Turn left after you pass the cubicles on the right, and continue forward. Wait near the table in the second meeting room on the right. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward and turn right beside the think pods. Once you pass the think pods, turn left and walk forward until you reach a door to exit the large open room. Right before you reach the door, turn right and enter the meeting room and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the Foosball table and take a right. take a left past the Thinkpods. Enter the second conference room.Stop behind the second chair from the left. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the conference room. Turn left. Pass the grey and teal chairs. Turn right. Follow the yellow line on the ground passing the think pods. Wait by the Soccer table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and walk behind the chairs out of the conference room. Take a left and then turn right at the blue and grey chair. Walk past two white cubicles to the foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the conference table and exit the room. Turn left and walk past the chairs on your right.  Turn right and walk forward until you reach the Foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk around work table and stop at exit door. 
YVUC4YcDtcY turn your body left and move forward and then turn right at the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go to the far side of the conference table. Stop in front of the garage door before you leave the conference room. Stop behind the second chair on your right looking at the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the conference room, then veer right to stand in front of the door between the teal and yellow lines of the floor and the number "1000" above the door handle. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the meeting room. Go stand next to the doorway between the green and blue lines on the floor. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go to the left of the office table, then go along the office table and then out of the big garage door, go straight into the blue lines on the floor and stop before you passed the yellow lines. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go past the soccer table then turn right. When you see a big room with a table and a tv screen turn left. Turn right on the first room you see with a big table and chairs and wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk passing the foosball table, and turn right. Walk and pass the big white counters on the right. Turn left where the grey and blue chairs are visible. Pass those chairs and turn right, and enter the conference room and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY walk across room to foosball table, turn right and walk to edge of counter, turn left and walk to 2nd meeting room on right, enter room and stop before table and chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go forward and into the kitchen area. Walk over to the foosball table and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go to the right of the shelves
Go to the green line
Go to the foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the open doors. Walk towards the kitchen.  Turn right at the large brown table.  Walk towards the foosball table.  Stop in front of the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk toward the green chair sitting area. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight until you get to green and teal chairs. Wait near there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk down the hall towards the thinkpods. Stop next to the chartreuse chair near the hallway. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the shelves and wait next to the foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk slightly to the right and then straight a bit before taking a hard right and stopping near the painting. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn slightly right and continue straight. When you get to a table and chairs on the left, turn right. Wait near the soccer table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk around the Foosball table and past the reception area. Wait in the conference room on the left. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk to the left of the Thinkpods. Turn left and walk to the right of the two tall blue and black chairs.Then take the next right into the meeting room. Stop once you are inside, in front of the large meeting table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY walk to the left of the foose ball table, and to the right of the reception desk headed towards the large conference table. after you pass two think pods on your right, turn left before you reach the conference table, pass two chairs on your left and continue straight, after the two chairs walk through the doorway on your right and stop before you reach the conference table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go past the white cubicles and turn to the left. Go forward and then make a right turn into the meeting room. Stand in front of the desk and wait. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk across the room and wait in the conference room to the left. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight ahead past the think pods and turn left. Walk forward and turn into the last meeting room on your right before entering the hallway. Stop inside the meeting room doors. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Leave the conference room and take a left. Walk straight and enter the conference room to your left. Stop inside the conference room doorway. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the office around the conference table.Walk through the open entry garage door and out into the open room. Walk past the blue seats and down the hall to the next room on the left. Walk into the room which has a conference table and note board set up. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk around the table out of the office and turn left once you are in the next room. Then turn left and wait there when you see the other office. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk around the white bookshelf to the left. Continue forward past the blue and gray chairs. Turn right and enter the meeting room. Wait near the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn left and then turn into the meeting room that is on the right and wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go to the right of the white bookshelf, go straight down the corridor, turn right into the conference room and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the table and chairs then turn right and exit the office. Wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around 90 degrees facing the wall behind you. Walk forwards past the chairs. When you get to the wall take a right and pass the chair at the end of the table. Walk towards the large door opening and exit the room. Stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go around the table and exit the meeting room. Stand just outside and wait for further instructions. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go straight and then after you pass the last thinkpod turn left and then turn right into the second office on the right with the large table and chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Follow the yellow line away from the foosball table.  Turn left at the Thinkpod cubicle. go past the two chairs with the turquoise cushions. Turn right and step into the conference room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the think pod and turn left before the conference room.  Walk past the blue and grey chairs the turn right and enter the conference room. Wait near the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the office to the foosball table in the back. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Leave the conference room and take a left. Once past the reception area take a right. Go to the Foosball table and stop on the far end in front of the painting in the nook. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the doorway and take a left. Take a right after the blue chairs. Wait by the foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the fooseball table, walk past the desks, and wait by the chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY walk away from the kitchen, past the fuse ball table, and to the left of the reception table. Keep walking towards the green chairs and stop next to the silver table in the middle of the four green chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go past the foosball table on your left until you reach the conversational nook in the corner. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk passed the table soccer game and into the open room. Walk passed the couch area in the middle of the room and the floor rug. Walk towards the open room ahead past the cubicles that has a conference desk surrounded with computer chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Move to the left side of the play table. Walk straight to the open doorway facing the conference room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the receptionist's desk, wait at the doorway. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Head straight until you get to a large table with white chairs then turn right and pass the soccer table then stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go straight and then turn right passed the Foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Move out of the cubicles and over to the foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and walk past the blue and grey chairs. Once you pass the 2 chairs, turn right and enter the conference room. Stop once you reach the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward toward blue and grey chairs, then turn right and enter meeting room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Make a right turn and walk past the blue chairs. Make a right turn into the conference room with the writing board on the wall. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Follow the blue line on the floor past the chairs until you reach the Foosball table, then go past the table onto the straight yellow line. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the teal and yellow seating area, and go past the Foosball table. Stop on the yellow line next to the Foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the common area and then take a right, stopping after the foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit room and walk towards green chairs.  Wait here. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the conference room and wait by the receptionist's desk. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and walk toward the wall.  Turn right and walk past the conference table.  Exit the conference room and walk straight.  Wait next to the brown desk. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and exit the conference room. Once out turn right and walk past the 2 blue and grey chairs. Once you pass the chairs, turn right and enter the conference room and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the room and turn right. Go into the room next door on the right. Wait near the table and chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the room. Go right and into the room located to the right of the one you were just in. Stop before you reach the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go to the right of the game table, make a right and go straight, go into the doorway to the right of the doorway and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the foosball table on your left side, and then turn to the right.  Walk past the "Thinkpods" on your right and into the conference room directly in front of you.  Stop next to the conference table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go into the meeting room next to the Thinkpods that has an empty table with 12 chairs and a large whiteboard. Stop just a couple of feet inside the door. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go to the second blue chair. Go to the farthest white cubicle. Stand in front of the shelves. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight until you pass the thinkpods then turn right and wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward toward the Thinkpods. Take a right at the white bookcase. Stop in front of the bookcase. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Leave office to main workroom, walk to foosball table and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and exit the conference room.  Follow the yellow line on the floor and continue walking past the foosball table.  Wait next to the picture on the wall. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the conference room, walk past the reception desk and stop by the foosball table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY walk on left side of table, exit through door walk straight on the right side of the think pods, turn right and walk behind desk with two chairs and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the conference room. Walk past the sitting area on your right. Turn right and walk into the desk area on your right. Wait on the carpet between the two office chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit conference room. Go forward toward the yellow line on the ground ahead. After passing the cushioned chairs on the right, turn right into desk area. Wait there. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn around and walk away from the whiteboard between the conference table and the windows.Turn right when you reach the wall and walk forward and slightly right to exit the conference room. Turn left once you exit the conference room to walk towards the blue and grey chairs. Proceed forwards past the blue and grey chairs and turn slightly right to face the circular white thinkpods. Stop when you are facing the open side of the first thinkpod and a few feet away from the other conference room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Leave the conference room and take a left. Go forward and move to the white think pods. Stop on the yellow line in front of the think pod on the left. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the conference room table and turn right. Walk out of the conference room and turn left. Walk past the chairs and stop in front of the Thinkpod cubicle. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go straight and go into the conference room straight ahead, and on the right. Stop near the right wall in the conference room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY turn right go forward then take left at sofa then straight ahead and take left at chair then go straight  wait at the table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit the sitting area, turn right, walk past the receptionist's desk, turn left, enter the conference room, wait at the projector screen. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk up to the thinkpod. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk forward through the office space and then turn right. Walk towards the Foosball table and turn left. Walk forward and wait near the rectangular table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn right. Walk through desk area. Walk past fooseball table. Stop before conference table and white bookshelves. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the room with green and blue chairs. Walk passed the bookshelf and turn the corner to the left. Walk down the hall and turn into the first open doors to the right into the room with a conference table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight and stop at bookshelf to the left. Keep going straight, stop, turn right, head into an office room. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk straight and turn left at the hallway then wait in the doorway of the first room on the left side of the hall. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the green chairs and the reception desk. Walk past the Foosball table and stop by the table and chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Go straight past the desk. Pass the soccer table and wait near the large table and white chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Facing the green chairs go left towards the game table, go passed the game table and go near the brown table, take a step left and stop. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Turn right and walk onto the white floor. Make a left and walk past the aqua chairs. Walk to the floor are between the yellow and aqua floor paint. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Head into main area and turn right. Walk forward until you reach the glass door to the right of the green chairs. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Exit meeting room turn hard right, walk straight until first big door, turn slight left and stop at glass man door. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk passed the conference room and blue cushioned chairs against the wall. Turn around the corner and walk passed the small curving cubicles. Walk into the break area with large table over to the sink area. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk around the blue chairs to your right, past the Thinkpods on your left. Make a left past the Foosball table and wait in the kitchen. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk down the hall with the conference rooms on your left, turn right after the second teal chair, walk to the foosball table, turn left, walk to the kitchen, wait at the sink. 
YVUC4YcDtcY turn to the right go past the blue stair and keep going straight and stop at the pong table. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk through the open room passed the green and blue chairs towards the kitchen area. Walk around the table soccer game and stop near the painting on the wall. 
YVUC4YcDtcY Walk past the colorful chairs and to the Foosball table towards the left. Stop in the nook on the end of the Foosball table. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter the bedroom, pass the bed, and walk through the corridor. Pass the two brown doors, and keep walking straight, and walk up the first two stairs and stop there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go towards the bed. Go to the second white chair. Go through the hallway in the same direction. Once through, go to the staircase. Go up two stairs and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk into the room pass the bed. Go out the bedroom doors and go up two steps of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the room to exit to the hall. Turn left and continue until your reach the archway at the end of the hall. Stop near the bed. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight out of the room. Turn left and go straight. Pass the stairs and go straight until you get to the bedroom. Wait at the entrance. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the kitchen, and turn left. Keep walking all the way forward passing the staircase on your right. Enter the room that is in front of you at the end. Stop in front of the small table with a square vase. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hallway into the lobby. Turn to the right and wait in the living room through the door on the right. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk down the hallway into the foyer.  Keep moving into the foyer and walk between the two pillars.  Choose the doorway to your right, after the pillars, and walk into the room and stop at the entry of the room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go down hallway to entry way, turn right and continue forward between pillars and turn right. walk into room and stop before the chair and rug. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the bathroom and walk towards the bedroom. Stop between the double entry doors and the entry of the bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom and go down the hallway. Take the first right and stop near the door to the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the bedroom and down the hall. Turn right and stop in front of the doors. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk past the front door and the big chandelier and walk straight through the doorway on the opposite side from where you started.  Keep going straight down the hallway until you are standing under a hanging light in front of three paintings hung vertically. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and enter the foyer area. Walk straight across and through the doorway. Walk all the way to the end and stop in front of the paintings at the end. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight into the room with the front door and continue straight through the archway, continue to the end of the hall near the three pictures and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the stairs and straight towards the room straight ahead. Wait inside the door of the first room on the right of the hall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down stairs. Walk past yellow floral arrangement on left. Walk to pendant lighting hanging from ceiling. Make hard left. Wait at threshold of open door. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go down the stairs and go forward . Go under the lamp and turn left.  Enter the room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the bedroom and go straight down the hall. Take a left at foot of the stairs. Go up the stairs and stop on the fourth stair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight to exit the room then keep on going straight until you pass the stairs then turn left and go up four steps the stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left and exit out the door to the left of the mirror. Once out, walk straight ahead and then turn to go up the stairs. Stop on the last step before the steps start to turn. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk towards and through the doorway on the left. Take a left and walk straight. Wait at the entry way of the home. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the garage and enter the house and go in the hallway. Take your first left and walk to the end of this hallway in the foyer. Stop just inside the foyer in front of the doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the garage, turn left, and stop in the foyer. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go through the dining room into the lobby through the door on the right. Turn left and wait just inside the sitting area near the arm chair and side table. 
wc2JMjhGNzB With the kitchen to your right, walk through the opening into the next room and turn ninety degrees to the right. Continue past the end of the table and exit the room though the opening on the opposite wall. Once you're into the next room, go left until you just pass the column. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go into the room and when you see the table turn right. Exit the room and turn left. Wait by the plant on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk inside and continue to the right of the long table with chairs. Go through the doorway and stop where the three doorways intersect. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Start outside turn right and look for the door on the left of the open glass doors, Start here. Walk forward towards the white table you see, walk on the right side of the table and enter the doorway you see in front of you, stop in between the first two doors. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn to your right and enter the house. Walk to the right side of the room and exit the door on the other side. Stop once you exit and are surrounded by doors. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk up the stairs. Turn right and walk towards the second set of stairs. Wait by the beginning of the second set of stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go up the stairs. Turn right and go past the chair on the left. go up the stairs on the right. Go up two steps then stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go up the stairs and turn right. Stop on next set of stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk to the right of the pictures and down the hall. Walk left under the chandelier. Walk through the hall and the entryway on the right. Stop by the white cushioned chairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go down the hallway opposite the stairs, make a right and go down the hallway, go slight left through the room, then go in between the pillars on the left side of the room, take a step passed the ornate rectangle on the ground and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight until you see an opening on the right. Turn right and head all the way down that hallway. When get to the front door on your right turn left. Turn right on the first opening and wait near the black chair with the white cushions. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room. Turn right and go past the washer and dryer. Exit the room using the door straight ahead then go past the stairs and turn right and straight. Wait near the black and white polka dotted rug. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out the door and towards the cabinets, then continue through the other open door and past the stairs, stopping once near the black dotted rug. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the storage room and walk out of the laundry room. Walk past the stairs on your right and walk into the room with the spotted black and white carpet. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk toward the front doors and take a left. Walk down the hall and stop at the end of the hall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk away from the living room and toward the door that leads outside.  Walk thought the doorway on the left.  Walk down the hall.  Stop when you pass the closed door on your right-hand side. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go toward the front entrance and take a left, go down the hallway and stop right before the intersecting hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Head towards the entrance door. Walk through the archway to the left of the double doors and stop at the end of the hall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk to the front door and walk through the archway on the left.  Walk down the hallway and stop once you are under the chandelier at the end. 
wc2JMjhGNzB continue into the foyer, turn left at the circle in the tile on the floor and face the front door, walk down the archway to the left of the front door, continue straight past the three black stripes on the floor, stop under the pendant light on the ceiling. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn right and enter the bedroom on the right.  Walk though the room and stop outside on the patio. Wait by the chair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter the bedroom the right. Walk through the bedroom and wait outside on the balcony. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn your body to the right. Go through the entryway. Turn right and walk towards the bed. Walk around the bed towards the double doors. Walk outside through the double doors and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight down the hallway. Turn left and then turn right. Wait near the couches. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hall past the hanging pictures on the wall. Continue through the arched entry down the hall. Turn the corner before reaching the end of the hall into the wooden floored room. Turn and walk over to the couches surrounding a fireplace. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Make a left and head down hallway, make a left at kitchen and enter, then make a right and walk toward the living area, and wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hall and turn right, walk a step or two and turn left out of the double doors.  Then walk towards the staircase but turn at the first door on the left.  This is a bedroom.  Wait just inside the doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hall and take your first right. Then turn left and walk down the hall. Take the first left before the stairs and enter the bedroom. Stop inside the doorway to the bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hall, take the first right, then a left through the doors, walk to the end of the hallway and turn left, wait in the doorway to the child's bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk towards the couch. Exit the room to the interior of the house.  Turn right outside of the door. Stop near the light hanging on the wall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB With the sink directly behind you, look to the opposite wall and notice the opening at the left hand side. Go though that opening. Once through that opening, turn right and walk past the pillar. Stop once you've gone past the pillar. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bar, go towards the brown couch, make a left towards the white chairs, go through the archway to the right, make a right and go passed the first pillar and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk into the room and turn right. Walk straight all the way into and across the bedroom. Walk toward the glass doors and head outside. Wait on the balcony near the chair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk through the open door into the hallway near the stairs and armchair. Walk through the open double doors and into the bedroom area with blue and white bedspread. Walk out onto the balcony area. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the bedroom and make a right at the staircase. Walk through the doorway at the end of the hall and straight into the bedroom. Walk to the door going outside and wait in the doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn slightly left and exit the room. Turn right and exit the bedroom through the door facing north from you. Turn slightly right and wait by the beige carpet and sofa. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk into the bedroom and take a right. Walk out of the bedroom and take your first right into the den. Wait at the doorway of the den. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom and then turn right and exit the bedroom. Keep to the right and stop in the doorway of the study across from the bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Keep walking forward all the way passing the stairs on your right. Stop outside the door of the last room that is in front of you. 
wc2JMjhGNzB walk down marble hallway away from dining room table, walk past stairs, continue straight and stop before you reach arched doorway to hardwood floor. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk down the hallway all the way to the end. Stop right before you get to the wood door at the end. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go around the bed, straight through the entryway, and stop at the bottom of the stairs on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go around the bed. Exit the bedroom. Go down the hall. Ascend two stairs and wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go in the door on the left and go to the stairs. Stop on the first landing. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk past the bed and through the doorway, straight through the double wood doors towards the staircase. Turn left and stop in the doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk across the bedroom and out the door to your left. Keep walking straight down the hallway towards the stairs. Once you enter the room with the stairs, turn left and enter the bedroom. Stop right inside the room facing the pink chair and bed. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk across bedroom to the door next to the bed. Walk straight towards stairs. Turn left at doorway and stop inside doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn right and head up the stairs. Stop just short of the top stair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and go up the stairs behind you. Stop at the very top of the stairs. You will be facing books and a window. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go up stairs and stop at the top of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk past the wing chairs on the right. Walk through the open bedroom doors. Wait under the pendant light hanging from the ceiling. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk in the house and through the bedroom to the open doors.  Wait by the first door to your right. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk into the bedroom and past the bed. Angle slightly left once past the bed and walk into the hallway and through the double doors. Wait just outside the doors. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit current room, make a left, make hard right, and a left and wait at vanity. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the closet and take a right.  Take another right through the door and wait at the bathroom directly in front. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the closet and turn right. Turn right and walk out of the bedroom. Walk into the hallway and turn right then turn left. Walk into the bathroom on the left and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB head outside the bedroom, turn left, then stop halfway up the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bedroom, take a left and go halfway up the stairs, then stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room then turn left. Go up ten steps and wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter the house and go to the right after you go between two columns.Walk into the sitting room and wait by the doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go into the building and under a chanelier, past some columns towards the seating area.  Before reaching the seating area, turn right after the first set of columns, and wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn right and enter the house. Walk through the main foyer area and turn right at the last door. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go left into the bedroom, and take a right into the hallway. Turn right and go into the right bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk into the bedroom. Once in the bedroom, turn right and exit. Once out, turn right and walk down the hallway and enter the double doors on the end. Stop once you enter the bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the closet and bedroom. Take a right in the hall and enter the room at the end of the hall. Stop once you are past the doors. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go down the stairs on the left. Wait two steps to the bottom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Find the top of the staircase and walk to the top of the stairs.  Walk down the stairs until you get to the small landing where the stairs turn.   Stop on the landing. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the stairs and wait at the landing. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom. Go straight until you get to a room. Turn right and wait there in the hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and head outside the door, continue down the hallway and turn right and head towards the other room through the open door. Stop once you pass the door. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk through the bathroom and into the hall on the other side of the open door. Walk through the wood floored hall through the entryway ahead. Walk into the next room and exit through the door that leads to a hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the pantry and make a right to go into the dining room. Make a right and go through the entryway, then make a left and wait by the column on the left side of the living room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk through butler's pantry. Make hard right on white marble floor. Walk into dining room. Walk past dining table. Make left at pendant lighting. Wait at column. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the kitchen and take a right into the dining room. In the dining room take a right and go into the foyer. In the foyer take a left and stop between the pillar and the end table on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the shower and bathroom, then continue forward through the hallway until you enter the room ahead of you. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom. Go through the hallway. Stop when you enter the room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom. Go straight until you get to a room. Wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the kitchen through the door on the left of the refrigerator. Take a right and go up the stairs. Stop on the fourth stair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk into the hallway to the left of the refrigerator. Turn right and walk down the hallway past the pictures. Walk up the stairs and stop on the fourth step. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go through the archway next to the fridge, at the intersection take a right, go through the hallway until you get to some stairs and take the stairs a few steps up and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go into the house and go straight past the dining table on the right side. Continue straight through the hallway ahead. Go under the light. Go to the staircase and go up four stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left and enter the house.  Walk past the dining room table into the hallway and then walk up the stairs on your right. Stop on the last stair before the first landing. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left, heading inside. Go past the long table and down the hallway. Keep going until you see stairs to your right. Stop on the fourth step.
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight and continue down the hall. At the end go right and turn right and then take an immediate left and enter the bathroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight down the hallway, until you reach another room and walk through the doorway on your left. Walk across the hallway, to the bathroom and stop once you are standing in the middle of it. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward, turn right exiting the room. Keep right moving forward, turn left wait in bathroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk up the stairs on the right and wait on the top step. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight until you reach a staircase. Walk up the stairs and wait by the books stacked at the top. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight until you get to a stairs that is slightly right. Go up the stairs and wait at the top. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the closet. Exit the bedroom. Start up the stairs. Stop about five steps from the top. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the closet and bedroom. In the call go up the stairs. Stop on the fifth stair from the top. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left and exit the closet. Once in the bedroom turn right and exit the room. Once out, turn left and go up the stairs. Stop on the 6th stair from the top. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward into the foyer. Walk straight through and into the dining room. Stop once you pass over the decorative tile on the floor. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the room and walk onto the marble floor.  Walk straight over the circle design in the middle of the room and walk into the room on the opposite side from where you started.  Stop after entering this room with a dining table. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the game room and walk straight across into the dining room. Stop right before you reach the table and wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room and turn left. Then go passed the bed and the chair and stop next to the lamp. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room and immediately turn left.  Walk to the lamp inside bedroom.  Wait here. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left and go straight into the room. Wait near the glass door going outside. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go up the stairs. Go down the hallway, turn left, and enter that sitting room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB walk up the stairs, turn right, turn right at the chair, take first left down hallway,turn left and stop in doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk up stairs and into hall, turn left into room with chairs, wait at brown chair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and go diagonally across the kitchen to the hallway. Turn right and go down the hallway. Stop next to the left of the staircase. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk toward the fridge. Go into the hallway that is on the left of the fridge. Turn right and go down the hallway. After you pass the stairs on the right. Turn left and wait in that room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk past the table and kitchen island to leave the kitchen. Go down the hallway and wait inside the doorway on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hallway and all the way to the end. Walk into the bathroom and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Follow the hallway strait into the bathroom, stop and wait near the vanity. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk towards the hallway with the arches. Walk past the pendant light and into the bathroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight past the table into the hall. In the hall. In the hall take your second left and stop next to the wall sconce. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk inside the front door and walk straight down the hall. Walk under two entryways then make a left and wait and wait in the hall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB move forward between the dining room table and the cabinets towards the hallway, continue into the hallway and turn left after passing the kitchen, stop in the first section of the hallway on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB After you leave the laundry room walk past the stairs and make a left in the hall. Walk down the hall to the doorway of the dinning room and wait just inside. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go to your left and exit the room. Then continue into the hall and turn left. Go all the way down the hall until you reach the table then stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the laundry room, turn left, then walk to the dining room and wait by the first cabinet. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left at the refrigerator. Turn left again and enter the dining room. Wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk through the living room into the kitchen, then turn left. Stop in the dining room near the first cabinet. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward and exit the living room through the kitchen. In the kitchen take the first left, and then a left into the dining room. Stop next to the cabinet on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk to other side of the garage and into the door to the left of the large garage doors. Once inside walk forward to the end and then turn right. Stop in the doorway of the empty room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the garage using the door on the far right. Pass the door on your right and then turn right in the hallway. Turn left into the room. Wait at the entrance. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the garage and go into the house. Walk past the bathroom and stop at the end of the hall, in the first bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room. Turn right and go up the stairs straight ahead. Go up two steps then stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the room and turn right and walk to the bottom of the stairs. Walk up the two steps and stop on the landing. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the room and enter the hallway, then turn right.  Walk straight and go to the staircase on the left.  Stop on the landing after going up two steps. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight and then go up the stairs. When you get to the top wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left and walk up the stairs to the top. Wait near t he books. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit room and walk up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward past the bed on your left and out of the bedroom into the hallway. In the hallway walk forward and go up the first two steps at the bottom. Stop on the landing of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bedroom. Make a slight left towards the stairs. Move up the first two stairs at the bottom and stop there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go to the right.  Go through the door.  Then go down the hall and to the left.  Go up to the landing of the stairs and wait for further instructions. 
wc2JMjhGNzB With the breaker panel to your rear, exit the utility space and turn right to exit the laundry room. Continue forward until you reach the nook in the wall just past the stairs to your right. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around, walk through the doorway, turn right, walk through the laundry room, and wait by the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the closet, turn right and walk past the washer and dryer and through the door. Go past the stairs straight and stop at the wall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room. Turn right and walk all the way to the front door. When you get to the front door turn left. Walk straight all the way down the hall until you get to a door straight ahead and another one on the right. Wait there between both doors. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward, make a right then a left, and walk toward the entrance of the bathroom, and wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward into the room with the circle in the floor. Turn right and then go out the last doorway on the left. Walk all the way down the hallway and stop at the end. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight until you pass the plant. Turn right and go into the room. Pass the table and chairs then turn left. Go into the hallway and wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk past the column and turn right. Walk left past the table and chairs and stop just in the hallway next to the kitchen. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk past the columns and turn right. Enter the dinning room and walk past the table . Turn left and enter the hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the closet and go into the bedroom. Cross the bedroom and wait outside on the patio. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go from closet to bedroom through hall. Cross bedroom and walk out slider onto balcony. Stop on balcony. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit closet and turn right at the mirror hanging on the wall.  Turn left at the first doorway on the left. Turn right and walk into the bedroom. Walk towards the door to the patio and step outside. Stop near the doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Face the garage door and leave through the door to the left of them.  When you are inside the building and are standing directly underneath the light hanging from the ceiling, turn right and enter the bathroom.  Stop in front of the sink and mirror. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk towards the garage doors and turn left. Walk through open door and turn right into the bathroom. Stop in front of the sink. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk through the doorway on the left and turn right and stop in the bathroom in front of the sink. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter the bedroom, and walk passing the bed. Turn left at the corridor, and walk straight until you arrive the bathroom entrance, and stop there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter the bedroom and walk past the bed into the hallway.  Turn left immediately and walk into the adjoining hallway. Turn left again and walk down the hall. Stop inside the bathroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter the room and go past the bed. Go out to the hallway and turn left then turn left again and go straight to the bathroom. When you get to the bathroom wait near the sink. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the room and take a right. In the hallway take the first right and stop next to the wall sconce. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room,  walk on right branch, pass the stairs, ,turn right at the paintings and wait at the wall lamp before the arch. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn all the way around and walk to the right out of the door into the hall with the diamond shaped flooring. Make a right into the hall. Make another right, stepping past the black marble floor panel. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the pantry, and take a left. Walk froward, and go up the stairs. Stop at the top of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room and make an immediate left. Walk down the hall to the stairs. Turn right to walk up the stairs. Stop at the landing. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room, make a left and go down the hallway and go up the stairs to the right and stop one step from the top. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter house through big double doors. Turn left and enter archway, Go straight down hallway towards pictures on the wall.Turn left of the pictures to stairs and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk into the house through the black doorway with a black mat out front. Walk down the hallway on the left and continue to the end. Walk to the left and stand at the base of the staircase. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go into the house through the double doors.  Turn left and go down the hallway.  Turn left and stop at the base of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom, move forward through the doorway into the hallway, and wait in the hall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom. Turn slightly right to go out the door straight ahead. Wait in the hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the bathroom and move out of the bedroom in to the hall. Wait in front of the first door on the right. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go inside then pass the bed and go out the door on the left then turn left and then turn right and then turn left to go into the walk in closet. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk across the room and exit to the left of the room. Once out turn left and then walk forward and then turn right. Walk towards the mirror and then turn left again. Walk forward and then stop once you enter the room with all the wood. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk though the bedroom and through the first archway on the left. Turn right and walk towards the mirror. Turn left in front of the mirror. Walk into the room and stop just inside of the entryway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go inside. Go straight past the couches. When you get close to the fridge turn left and walk into the hallway. Turn right and go straight until you get to three paintings on the right wall. Turn left and wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk into the living room and to the left of the couch and walk past the couch. Walk into the kitchen and turn left. Walk into the hallway and turn right. Turn left at the pictures and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter living room,  walk past couches toward the kitchen, make a left, then make a right, head down the hallway, make a sharp left and wait by first light. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter the kitchen, take the exit past the refrigerator, then turn right down the hallway until you reach the stairs, then take another right and wait at the base of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB When you leave the sitting area and are facing the kitchen take a left and go through the entryway. Once you are in the hall take a right and walk straight down the hall until you get to the stairs. Next, you need to take a right so you are in front of the stairs. Wait in front of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go out the kitchen using the opening on the left then turn right and head toward the stairs and wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward and enter the room. Once inside, turn right and enter the door. Once you enter, turn right and walk until you reach the wall and turn left. As soon as you turn left, turn right and stop once you are facing another hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Follow the hallway and turn right to enter the doorway. Then turn right again to enter the hall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go through the small doorway into the next room, then turn right and go through the door in front of you.  In that hallway, go right and pass under the archway.  Stop in between the first two black tiles on the floor. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward towards the open door keeping the garage door on your right. Walk forward through the open doorway onto tile floor. Walk forward until you're under the light in the ceiling and stop and wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk through the open doorway on the opposite side of the room and stop underneath the chandelier. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk along the garage doors to the other side of the room. Walk through the open door near the water heater and into the hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hall past the open entryways on either side and continue through the arched entry ahead. Pass the ceiling lamp and artwork on the walls. Continue past the stairwell and down the hall through the arched open door at the end. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight until you pass the stairs on the right. Continue straight into the room. Wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk across the hallway past the stairs and through the doorway. Wait inside the bedroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the bedroom and turn left. Walk past the chair to the top of the stairs. Walk down the stairs. Stop on the seventh step from the bottom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit bedroom to hallway, turn slight left to stairs going down, go down stairs stop when stairs start to turn to the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the bedroom and go straight. Go down the stairs and stop on the first curved stair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the hall. Continue straight until you get to the doorway of the living room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop once you reach the doorway to the last room in the hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and go down the hallway. Stop right before you get to the next large room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go down the stairs then straight until you get to a hallway(don't go into that room) Turn right and wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk down the stairs and through the hallway, turn right and enter the next hallway.  Stand near the mirror. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go down the stairs. Continue straight, stop in front of the bedroom. Turn right and stop in the hallway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk past the refrigerator into the hallway and turn right. Walk down the hallway and wait at the bottom of the stairs on the right. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn right and walk past the first  fridge. Turn right and walk towards the stairs. Turn right again and wait by the start of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk passed the kitchen counter top and into the hallway on the other side. Walk through the tiled hall around the corner and passed the wall art into the next room. Walk towards the flight of stairs nearest the entry to the room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Start walking towards the window next to the bed. Once in front of the window, wait there. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight and wait by the double doors that lead to the outside. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go straight passed the doorways on your left and right and then straight again till you arrive near a window then wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward past the fireplace. Take a right into the dining room. Stop once you cross the decorative tile. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk around the sofa past the fireplace.  Then turn right and enter the dining room. Wait near the table. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn to the right to walk around the end of the blue couch. Walk past the fireplace. Walk forward past the first column. Turn to enter the doorway on the right. Stop just inside the dining room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn left to face the door and exist the utility room. Turn right in the laundry room and walk past the washer and dryer to the opening. Turn right and start to walk up the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the utility room and turn right. Walk past the washer and dryer and turn right. Walk up the stairs and stop on the fourth stair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and enter the room with all the white cabinets. Once inside, turn and walk right. Keeping going out the door on the other side. Once outside the door turn right and start up the stairs. Stop right before the stairs begin to turn. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight down hallway until you reach hallway with lights on the walls. Stop at first light on wall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB walk down the hallway directly across from the bathroom sink, continue straight through the large foyer and through the archway, stop in between the first two stripes of black tile. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk straight down the hall. Continue to walk straight past the front doors and the dresser. Walk through the doorway and wait by the light. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk away from the window.  Make a left when the wall ends, across from the staircase going up.  Step forward and  enter the first doorway on the left.  Stop in that doorway. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward to the end of the hall, then turn left.  Then walk into the office on your left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward, turn left, make another left, enter the room and wait near the couch. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Enter and continue straight. Wait between the two pillars. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go forward through the large entryway, passed the pillars and stop near the living room and plant. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk straight through large doorway with pillars. Wait in front of pillars. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn all the way around and walk into the house.  Turn left at the first hallway.  Go down the hall.  Turn right and walk on down the hall.  When you get to the next place to turn, turn left and enter the kitchen.  Stand by the very first edge of the counter and wait. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk through the metal framed doorway that leads you inside. Turn left down the first hallway on your left, turn right at the picture frames, turn left through your first doorway on your left and stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and enter the house. Turn left and walk through the left hallway toward the paintings. Turn right again and walk across the hallway. Turn left on the left doorway and wait by the fridge. 
wc2JMjhGNzB You're in a kitchen, you'll turn right. Walk past the fridge.  Turn right again.  Walk into a hall.  Turn left and walk through the dining room to the right.  You'll walk through the doorway and take a left.  Walk past the pillar and then wait.  You'll be in the living room. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the kitchen walking towards the television  room but take the first right before you reach the living room. take a left into the dining room and go through the door into the foyer and take a  left stopping next to the pillar near the light switch near the plant. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Turn around and walk past straight past the refrigerator. Turn to the right and into the hallway. Turn left and into the dining room. Turn right and walk down the next hallway. Turn left and walk past the marble column, stop by the chair. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk towards the chandelier.  Turn right into the door to the left of the mirror.  Walk down the hallway and turn left at the paintings.  Stop at the bottom of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk to the front door. Make a right down the hallway. Make a left at the end of the hallway. Wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go through the coumns towards the exit  Go through the arch to the right just before the exit and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go into the hallway, turn left and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the kitchen and make a left.  Walk down the halland make a right at the stairs and wait at the bottom of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward through the doorway and turn left. Walk down the hallway and turn right. Wait at the base of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the office and turn right.  Then walk down the stairs stopping on the curved part of the stairs. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Head through the door and make a right turn, then another right turn towards the window and then down the nearby steps only stopping once you've reached halfway down the steps. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the room and turn right.  When you see room with the iron railings, go right until you get to the window.  Go down the stairs and stop a few steps from the bottom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Go towards the big mirror, then turn right through the archway, turn left through another archway, turn left again through the brown double doors, go straight then up the stairs a few steps, then stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk out of the closet and turn right. Walk left into the hallway. Walk left through the double doors. Walk up the stairs and stop on the first landing. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave the room and turn right right at the mirror.  Take a few steps and turn left so you are standing under a ceiling light.  Turn left and walk towards the staircase ahead of you.  Go up two stairs and then stop. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Exit the room. Stop in the hallway when you get next to the first doorway on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk forward until you reach the end of the counter and turn right. Walk to the end of the hall with a mirror on the left hand wall. Turn right and walk to the first opening on the left. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk past the center island in the closet and turn right. Walk straight past the mirror on the wall. Turn right and stop in the hallway before the bathroom. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk across the bedroom to the open door on the other side of the bed. Walk through the bedroom door and through the double wooden doors into an entrance way. Just on the other side of the double wooden doors turn to the right and walk into an office with a desk on the right and two brown wing chairs on the left wall. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Walk around the bed, and exit the bedroom. Make a hard right into the office, and wait at the office door threshold. 
wc2JMjhGNzB Leave bedroom to hall, turn right and enter first door. Wait next to brown chair. 
